     #1 Herb Picking ~
     =-------------=
          Looking for people to gather the fever-reducing herb muscamaloi on
          the Giza Plain. No experience necessary. 
                                 ~ Ivalice Pharmacists Guild

          Type: Engagement
          Info Cost: 300 Gil
          Location: Giza Plain
          Appears at: Any Pub at beginning of game. Only mission available. 
          Reward/s: 600 Gil, Lutia Pass placement
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     - 
          Available for: -

          Difficulty: Very Easy
          Enemies:    Goblin x3
                      Red Cap 
                      Sprite 

          This mission is impossible to avoid. At the beginning of the game,
          it will be the only mission on the board. Luckily, it isn't hard...

          Enter the Giza Plains area and Marche and Montblanc will walk in.
          Immediately, Marche will notice some monsters and note that they
          will have to clear them out. You are allowed four more clan members
          (or everyone in your clan obviously) to join the battle. This isn't
          difficult at all so you can take your time. The Goblins aren't very
          powerful but the Red Cap can cause some problems. I'd suggest 
          bombarding it with Black Magic from Montblanc. The Sprite should 
          probably be left for last as it doesn't use any abilities and its 
          Fight move does miniscule damage. Once you defeat all enemies, you
          will have won your first battle. 

     #2 Thesis Hunt ~
     =------------=
          I search for my master the late Dr. Dalilei's thesis. It was taken
          from me by bandits as I crossed the Lutia Pass. 
                                 ~ Dr. Coleman, Geologist

          Type: Engagement
          Info Cost: 900 Gil
          Location: Lutia Pass
          Appears at: After placement of the Lutia Pass symbol.  
          Reward/s: 4000 Gil, x1 Random Item
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     - 
          Available for: -

          Difficulty: Medium
          Enemies:    Archer 
                      Soldier x2
                      Thief x2  
                      White Mage  

          This battle is really a major step up from the previous "Monster
          Mash" that we just had. Instead of the weakling Goblins, now we are
          up against a group of pickpockets who have a few tricks up their 
          sleeves.

          The two units at the top of the arena are a White Mage and a lvl. 4
          Thief. Those two (obviously) cannot be attacked towards the first 
          few rounds because of their position but you should attempt to 
          prioritize them the best you can. The stronger, lvl. 4 Thief 
          Reaction ability, Counter that should be something new to you. To 
          avoid that ability, use ranged attacks like Montblanc's Black Magic
          or your Archer. The Soldiers use Mug often, but other than that, 
          they just attack with sword slashes. While their swords can do some 
          damage, don't waste time on them until the end of the battle. Defeat
          the Archer quickly before it can use any of his annoying, Aim: Arm
          or Aim: Legs crap. When everyone is taken down, the mission is yours
          and Dalilei's thesis is back into safekeeping. 

     #3 The Cheetahs ~
     =-------------=
          There's a price on the heads of the band of conmen calling themselves
          the "Cheetahs." Word is they were seen in Nubswood!
                                 ~ Bratt, Steetear

          Type: Engagement
          Info Cost: 1200 Gil
          Location: Nubswood 
          Appears at: After placement of the Nubswood symbol. 
          Reward/s: 6000 Gil, x2 Random Items
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     - 
          Available for: -

          Difficulty: Easy
          Enemies:    Thief
                      White Monk 
                      Fighter
                      Archer 
                      Black Mage 

          Marche will step into the Nubswood area and whom else does he find 
          other than his old friend, Ritz!... Along with a Viera who calls 
          herself Shara. Also on the playing field is the clan which calls 
          themselves the "Cheetahs." And after a bit of a reunion, the battle
          begins with you being allied with Ritz and Shara. With that, this 
          engagement is that much easier. 

          I wouldn't suggest a White Mage for this battle, while you can still
          bring one in if you are unsure of your clan, there's a very little
          chance that any of your units will actually get KOed as long as you 
          know what you're doing. You can only bring in three other clanners
          so the free space can be useful. You should take out the White Mage
          first obviously. Then, go for the Archer which can immobilize and 
          disable your units. I know you might want to prioritize the Thief 
          and Fighter, but during this battle, they aren't really any threat.
          Your second priority should be the White Monk, and the rest is your
          choice. It's a very easy battle so take your time. 

     #4 Desert Peril ~
     =-------------=
          There's been a rash of attacks by crazed monsters in the Eluut Sands
          area recently. Will pay for research & removal.
                                 ~ Eluut Civilian Militia

          Type: Engagement
          Info Cost: 1000 Gil
          Location: Eluut Sands
          Appears at: After placement of the Eluut Sands symbol. 
          Reward/s: 7000 Gil, x1 Random Item
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     - 
          Available for: -

          Difficulty: Slightly Hard
          Enemies:    Cream 
                      Red Panther x2 
                      Antlion 
                      Coeurl 

          Marche and Montblanc will walk into the area when the two are 
          greeted by a group of monsters. Well, nothing else to do but engage
          them. 

          This is a tough battle considering how early in the game it is. You
          probably don't have any better jobs other than the regular Archer,
          Soldier, etc. The toughest monsters here are the Panther class. 
          Those are the two Red Panthers and the Coeurl which is a stronger,
          blue version of the Red Panther. All three have incredible attack
          power and their defense are really high. If your Archer has learned
          Aim: Arm, target the Coeurl to disable it for a while. The Cream is 

          a strange creature which is barely affected by physical attack. 
          However, use Fire (As it is weak against fire elemental) from one 
          of your Black Mages to kill it in one shot or critically damage it.
          With the three Panthers out of the way, this battle will go much 
          quicker. 

     #5 Twisted Flow ~
     =-------------=
          I've seen the Ulei River bending and warping most strangely, but no 
          one else can see anything! Please find out the truth.
                                 ~ Jura, Time Mage Adept

          Type: Engagement
          Info Cost: 1000 Gil
          Location: Ulei River
          Appears at: After placement of the Ulei River symbol. 
          Reward/s: 8000 Gil, x2 Random Items
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     - 
          Available for: -

          Difficulty: Hard
          Enemies:    Totema (Famfrit)
                      Floateye x2
                      Ahriman x2

          Marche will slowly walk into the Ulei River area. After looking 
          around a tiny bit, he concludes that nothing seems to be wrong.
          However, a strange black warp will appear in the center of the 
          screen. Immediately, Marche is on his guard, but his cautiousness
          isn't enough to avoid the warp itself which sends Marche to a strange
          temple-like area...
 
          At first, Marche will be confused. However, he looks ahead and
          notices something... A crystal! But before he can do anything, a 
          strange voice booms through the air demanding Marche's name. Uttering
          a nervous whisper, Marche returns the question. A strange creature
          warps out of the crystal and explains to you that his name is 
          Famfrit, the Totema of the first crystal. Though he looks friendly,
          he isn't about to let some insecure human get to the crystal which
          he was charged with defending. Calling upon two Floateyes and two 
          Ahrimans, he wishes to engage.

          The objective here is to defeat the boss. In this case, it's the 
          Moogle Totema, Famfrit. If your units are leveled up well enough, 
          this battle will go much quicker. The best thing you can do would
          be to put Famfrit to sleep and deal with the other monsters first
          even though your objective is to take out Famfrit. While Famfrit is
          asleep, you will want Marche or your main attacker to get up to him
          and give him a nice slash or smack to wake him and get a free hit. 
          Note that one of the Ahriman's knows the ability, Roulette. It gets
          in a corner and randomly KOs a random unit, on your team or even
          on his own team. Diligently cut away at Famfrit's health and you 
          should defeat this Totema. 

     #6 Antilaws ~
     =---------=
          An alchemist named "Ezel" claims he's found a way to nullify laws! 
          Looking for information about him and his "antilaws."
                                 * Numerous Requests

          Type: Engagement
          Info Cost: N/A
          Location: Cadoan
          Appears at: After placement of the Cadoan symbol. 
          Reward/s: 9000 Gil, R2 Antilaw, 2x Random Items 
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     - 
          Available for: -

          Difficulty: Medium
          Enemies:    Gladiator 
                      Illusionist 
                      Hunter
                      Ninja 
                      Fighter
                      Defender

          It seems that shady Nu Mou fellow we met before in Cadoan is now in
          trouble. Marche isn't too smart here. Oh yes, let's help some random
          Nu Mou stranger that we only met through chance. Anyhow, Marche,
          being the ethical fellow he is, decides to help the troubled Nu Mou,
          whether he's a murderer or simply a innocent bystander. Let's find
          out.
  
          The battle consists of your clan versus six other enemies. Ezel the
          Hermetic (Yes, you learn that the Nu Mou fellow is the great Ezel 
          Berbier) will help you out but he won't actually attack. His ability,
          Azoth, can put all the enemies to sleep. However, since you can't
          control him, it's hard to tell if Ezel will use it or not. Anyhow,
          the Illusionist is probably a new unit you haven't yet seen before. 
          Illusionists use Phantasm to throw a spell and damage the entire
          field without having to manually hit something.
 
          This battle is tough, yes, but if you know who to prioritize, you 
          should be fine. If your clan has low Magic Resistance, the 
          Illusionist should be your main target. If your clan has low Defense,
          the Fighter and Defender should be taken out immediately. The Hunter
          and Ninja on the upper rear end of the playing field should be 
          attacked last. Constantly attack and you should be fine. Be sure that
          Ezel stays alive however!

     #7 Diamond Rain ~
     =-------------=
          Word is, diamonds are falling in the rain in Aisenfield. If it's
          true, we'll be rich!
                                 ~ Geyna, Streetear

          Type: Engagement
          Info Cost: 1400 Gil
          Location: Aisenfield
          Appears at: After placement of the Aisenfield symbol. 
          Reward/s: 10600 Gil, 2x Random Items, 2x Random Cards
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     - 
          Available for: -

          Difficulty: Slightly Hard
          Enemies:    Bomb
                      Lamia
                      Ice Flan
                      Icedrake
 
          Take a look at the enemies list for this mission. Yep, all of them
          are monsters, and all of them have incredibly valuable abilities for
          a Blue Mage, or your Morpher. Therefore, you might want to bring in
          a Beastmaster (Along with a Blue Mage) or a Hunter. However, be aware
          that this monster battle is no pushover, so make sure you also bring
          in your best units too.

          The enemies are all generic, except for the Ice Flan. As you might
          already know, the Flan group of monsters only are affected by magical
          spells. The most effective one would be the Fire elemental, which 
          one of your Black Mage's should already have. The two Icedrakes 
          differ in abilities. One has the Dragoon tech, Ice Breath, and the
          other holds Mighty Guard. Both Icedrakes have high attack power, so
          beware. 

          To start off, you should attack the Lamia, and the Ice Flan with a 
          nice ranged Fire elemental attack. Following up, take out the first 
          Icedrake. The Bomb can be left for last, as it doesn't hold any 
          redeeming qualities. Once you get the Ice Flan and the Icedrakes out
          of the way, the battle will become another generic monster fight.
          Easy enough.

     #8 Hot Awakening ~
     =--------------=
          The Roda Volcano has been active lately. The Royal Mage Academy wants
          to hire researchers. No experience needed, must like heat.
                                 ~ Ramda, Geology Labs

          Type: Engagement
          Info Cost: 1600 Gil
          Location: Roda Volcano
          Appears at: After placement of the Roda Volcano symbol. 
          Reward/s: 11400 Gil, 1x Random Item, 2x Random Cards
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     - 
          Available for: -

          Difficulty: Medium
          Enemies:    Ultima Crystal x8

          Marche steps into the Roda Volcano area and starts nagging about the
          heat. Suddenly, a violent earthquake occurs, and a strange black warp
          appears in the middle. The first thing Marche notices is that there
          must be a crystal here! The warp blows off, and swallows you into the
          abyss...

          As the screen fades back in, you should note the difference in the
          colors. Instead of the gray, dark area that held the last crystal,
          this one is colorful, and lively. Butterflies even litter the area. 
          Marche notes as well the butterflies, and how different this area is
          from the last. Luckily, there doesn't seem to be any Totema guarding
          this crystal, so Marche walks up to it... Suddenly, a number of 
          Ultima Crystals fade in. Looks like it isn't going to be as easy as
          we expected. 

          These strange Ultima Crystals are actually the Totema itself. They
          are very different from the previous Totema, Famfrit because they are
          incapable of moving. In fact, they are pretty much inanimate objects
          made to guard this second crystal. Wait a second, if they can't move,
          you can use that to your advantage! These Ultima Crystal's only 
          other attack is Logos, an annoying move which not only Charms you,
          but lowers your Attack and Defense. 

          There is a very easy way to knock these things out. If you use this
          strategy, the battle becomes that much easier. The idea is to get up
          right next to the Ultima Crystals, while out of the range of the
          others. The Ultima Crystal you are standing next to won't use Logos
          unless you are at least one tile away. Therefore, it will be forced
          to use its Fight move, which does weak damage. If at every turn, you
          use this strategy, you should be able to get out of this battle with
          all your units intact. Be sure you only send one unit to each Ultima 
          Crystal as if you have two against one, it will use Logos. 

          Be sure that when you try to take out one Ultima Crystal, you aren't
          in the range of another. The first one you destroy will be the 
          hardest as there aren't too many areas safe from the Logos of the
          other ones. Just don't group your units together and you should be
          fine. The Ultima Crystals are annoying, but they do have that one
          weakness. Take advantage of it, and you should win this battle with
          incredible ease.

     #9 Magic Wood ~
     =-----------=
          Trespassers have been cutting down trees in the Koringwood for their
          magical properties. They must be stopped!
                                 ~ Guillaume, Ranger Captain

          Type: Engagement
          Info Cost: 1600 Gil
          Location: Koringwood
          Appears at: After placement of the Koringwood symbol. 
          Reward/s: 12600 Gil, 2x Random Items, 2x Random Cards
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     - 
          Available for: -

          Difficulty: Slightly Hard
          Enemies:    Archer
                      Sniper
                      Time Mage
                      Black Mage
                      Thief x2
                      Summoner 

          Deep in the Koringwood, a group of illegal lumberjacks are cutting
          down some magic wood to sell for a lot of Gil elsewhere. Luckily, 
          Marche walks in within the nick of time to quickly stop them. Time
          to engage. 
          
          This time, you are engaging against seven other members, with each
          being pretty strong in his or her own sense. You are allowed five
          members including Marche, so the odds are against you this time. 
          However, if you eliminate the biggest threats firsthand, the battle
          will become much easier. Nevertheless, it is never a bad idea to
          invest a spot for a White Mage. 
          
          The first enemies to move will probably be the two Thieves. They 
          aren't the most dangerous, so if you don't have to attack them, just
          ignore them for the time being. If you are really paranoid about 
          them stealing something, you can always Blind them. The Sniper is
          fairly dangerous, but doesn't hold too many abilities. Now, the 
          Archer however, should be defeated as soon as possible to avoid her
          abilities. 

          The remaining units are all magic casters, so they can easily be
          disabled if you can possibly cast some sort of Silence on them. 
          Since Templar's are good at this kind of stuff, try to have one with
          you. Once the Time Mage, Summoner, and Black Mage are Silenced, they
          are completely helpless. I'd suggest keeping these three Silenced,
          while you focus on the others. Leave the magic casters for last.

          The main problem here is numbers. However, even though the opponent
          outnumbers you about 5 to 7, you can improvise. Instead of going
          gun-ho at every enemy unit, use status ailmenting attacks to maybe
          keep them at bay for a few turns. Use an Archer or Gunner to Blind
          your enemies, and the battle is automatically yours. If you can use
          abilities to your advantage, this battle flows much quicker. 

     #10 Emerald Keep ~
     =--------------=
          The Royal Mage Academy has given up their search for the giant
          emerald crystal of Salika Keep. Treasure hunters, now's your chance!
                                 ~ Levey, Search Team Member

          Type: Engagement
          Info Cost: 1800 Gil
          Location: Salikawood
          Appears at: After placement of the Salikawood symbol. 
          Reward/s: 13600 Gil, 2x Random Items, 2x Random Cards
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     - 
          Available for: -

          Difficulty: Slightly Hard
          Enemies:    Bishop
                      Gunner
                      Alchemist
                      Templar x2
                      Runeseeker (Babus

          Trotting slowly into the Salika Keep area, Marche begins his search
          for this "giant emerald crystal." As he rounds the steps, he begins 
          to wonder if this is one of those "crystals." An unknown voice will
          call to you ahead. The screen shifts and you will realize that Babus
          is here as well on Mewt's personal orders. Babus will ask of Marche,
          someone who means the Prince ill. 

          Marche however, knows who that person is. In an attempt to get his
          way out of any accusations, Marche immediately tells him not. But
          his conscience blabbers out his words, speaking that he didn't know
          this was Mewt's world. With that, Babus realizes all too well. His
          group prepares for attack, and you should do the same. 
 
          With the addition to Marche, the game allows you to bring in five
          more units for battle. The next rounds of battle will be quite 
          difficult, so make sure that the units you send in are powerful 
          enough to take out Babus along with the rest of his group. (If it is
          required.) Start the battle, and begin.

          Babus the Runeseeker can provide a bunch of problems. His job is
          unique as you might already have noticed. His abilities are made up
          of the R-Ability, Counter and some other abilities. Explode is a 
          heavy damage spell similar to the Sage's Giga Flare; Stillness 
          inflicts Stop status; and Quarter is the same as the Time Mage's 
          ability which takes out 1/4 of a particular unit's health.

          Along with Babus, which will probably cause you the majority of 
          your problems here, you have two Templars, a Gunner, a Bishop, and 
          an Alchemist. Next to Babus in amount of difficulty would be both of
          the "Temple Knights." One is armed with Rasp, a MP damaging attack, 
          Cheer which raises Attack statistics, Haste which is self-
          explanatory, and the R-Ability, Bonecrusher. The other holds Astra
          which automatically nullifies status ailments, Warcry which lowers
          Speed, Cheer again; which raises Attack, and the S-Ability, Weapon
          Atk+. 

          The Bishop is a rather flexible unit capable of dealing damage, 
          curing his own allies, and casting Dispel to get rid of all status
          enhancements. How much you prioritize him is going to be your call,
          but remember that as soon as soon as the Bishop is out, your enemy
          will not be capable of healing without the help of items. The other
          magic caster, an Alchemist, is much more offensive. You will want to
          especially watch out for Flare or Frog.
 
          Lastly, you will find a Moogle Gunner towards the rear. For the most
          part, his abilities are simple, but Stopshot can become annoying, 
          especially with Concentrate as a S-Ability. You might find that 
          taking out the Gunner will help an amazing amount. Avoid Stopshot
          or just Blind him to nullify Concentrate for hopefully, the future
          majority of the battle.

          The objective here is to defeat Babus and none other. Therefore, 
          unless of course you are looking to some experience, I'd suggest you
          put all your emphasis on him. Then again, if you are sure you can't
          win this battle without first taking out the other units, by all 
          means, treat this battle as a clan war. 

     #11 Pale Company ~
     =--------------=
          A spirit or ghost was seen going into Nargai Cave, and is making low
          moaning noises. We can't sleep. Please investigate. 
                                 ~ Nargai Area Residents

          Type: Engagement
          Info Cost: 1900 Gil
          Location: Nargai Cave
          Appears at: After placement of the Nargai Cave symbol. 
          Reward/s: 15000 Gil, 2x Random Items, 2x Random Cards
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     - 
          Available for: -

          Difficulty: Hard
          Enemies:    Icedrake
                      Firewyrm
                      Thundrake
                      Totema (Adrammelech)

          For this next story mission, Marche enters the Nargai Cave in search
          of this supposed "ghost." A small orb appears in front of Marche, 
          and his reaction is a bit puzzling. "Funny, here I am looking at a 
          ghost. But I don't feel scared at all." As strange as enigmas can 
          become, the ghost begins to move, and Marche follows. With his 
          guard off, the warp catches Marche...

          As the screen fades back in, you find yourself in yet another temple
          holding probably, another crystal. The ghost has disappeared, but 
          suddenly reappears. The crystal is up ahead, and the Totema makes 
          his way out. Absorbing the ghost, the Totema begins to speak of no
          one but his masters may approach. Confident, Marche prepares himself
          for a battle. Adrammalech prepares himself too, and brings in his
          Dragon fiends. 

          This battle is a major step up from the two other "pushover" Totemas
          you have fought in the past. If you had thought they were hard, 
          prepare to be obliterated. Bring in five more units (A White Mage or
          similar would be smart), and begin the battle. Because the enemy
          Dragons don't have terribly high Speed, you should be able to move
          first. 

          Luckily, the Dragons here aren't anything you haven't seen already.
          The only one which might remotely be a new appearance might be the
          Thundrake. All three of them have elemental Breath attacks for their
          respectable type (i.e. Firewyrm holds Fire Breath; Icedrake holds
          Ice Breath; Thundrake holds Bolt Breath). This is basically the only
          A-Abilities those Dragons hold with exception to the Icewyrm who can
          also cast Mighty Guard on his allies. Geomancy ups Magic Power, and
          Weapon Atk+ ups Weapon Attack obviously.

          While the Dragons aren't too tough apart from their Attack power,
          the Totema himself holds some pretty powerful abilities. Not only is
          he the coolest looking Totema, hands down, but his Firestream attack
          can become devastating. Remember Famfrit's Breath of God? Multiply
          the damage by two, and give it some Fire elemental bonus damage to
          create an A-Ability to be reckoned with. Lightspeed is a quick attack
          nullifying R-Ability, and Howl of Rage lowers surrounding units 
          Speed. Finally, Soul Sphere hurts your MP so keep your mages safe.

          The best thing to do would definitely be to inflict a few binding
          status ailments on the initial Dragons. Disable, Immobilize, and
          Blind all work wonders to keep them off your back. You shouldn't
          need to be bothered by the Dragons, as all of your forces should be
          plopped atop Adrammelech. There really isn't too much to explain 
          here, as all you need is a powerful physical strike to take out 
          this Bangaa Totema as quickly as possible. 

     #12 Jagd Hunt ~
     =-----------=
          On my brand-new airship's maiden flight, she was damaged in a hit-
          and-run! The criminal is in Jagd Dorsa, kupo! Get him!
                                 ~ Nono, Machinist Apprentice

          Type: Engagement
          Info Cost: N/A
          Location: Jagd Dorsa
          Appears at: After placement of the Jagd Dorsa symbol. 
          Reward/s: 16000 Gil, 2x Random Item, 1x Random Card
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     - 
          Available for: -

          Difficulty: Hard
          Enemies:    Ninja
                      Hunter
                      Antlion
                      Assassin
                      Toughskin
                      Blue Mage

          Well, here we are; Jagd Dorsa. You should know already that if 
          anyone gets KOed here and you leave them on the ground, they are 
          dead. With that in mind, prepare yourself for a rather difficult
          fight against Nono's enemy bandits.

          Because of the Jagd threat here, you might want to bring in a 
          White Mage to revive in case your units happen to fall. Phoenix
          Downs work well too. Make sure that the units you send in have high 
          Defense. Paladins or Defenders are perfect fitting for this 
          description. You will not want to be killed here, especially against
          this hardcore group...
  
          Your enemies consist of mostly clan units, but a few monsters as 
          well. Right in front of you at the start are a Ninja who holds
          Metal Veil, Water Veil, and Double Sword which is allows him to hold
          two swords in two hands for a double hit; a Blue Mage with Dragon 
          technique, Mighty Guard, Lamia technique, Night, Coeurl technique,
          Hastebreak, and the Sprite's healing technique of White Wind. Along
          with that, the Hunter boasts a solid Attack statistics and holds
          Sonic Boom, Advice, and Aim: Vitals which inflicts a random status
          ailment on you.

          An Assassin appears to your left. She can become especially deadly
          with her specialty A-Abilities. Shadowbind Stops a target in its 
          tracks by pinning shadow to the ground, Last Breath is an automatic
          KO (Not good for a Jagd. Oh boy.), Aphonia is the standard Silence,
          and Oblivion Addles the target disallowing them to use any A-
          Abilities. Don't try any arrows at this mean chick unless you want
          them returned at you. 

          The Antlion and Toughskin aren't too much of threats, but should 
          still be fought with caution. LV3 Def-less lowers Weapon Defense
          and Magic Resistance to all units with levels divisible by three.
          Sandstorm is the standard whirlwind attack which Blinds targets.
          The Rockbeast doesn't have any new techniques. Still holding the
          original Resonate and Matra Magic, you shouldn't have any trouble
          with it.

          You should try to kill off the Assassin and Ninja right off the
          bat. The Assassin has terribly effective A-Abilities, and the Ninja
          can unleash his hurt with Double Sword. Watch out for Last Breath
          especially, as it automatically KOs, and if that unit isn't revived,
          it's basically lights out for that member. The Hunter should be
          prioritized if you want to avoid random status ailments, and the
          Blue Mage should also be taken out quickly. This battle is tough,
          so don't fret if you mess up a few times. After all, this is your
          first Jagd battle. 

     #13 The Bounty ~
     =------------=
          Looking for information about that bounty the palace is offering. 
          Give us a shout if you see us. We're around. 
                                 ~ Clan Ox

          Type: Encounter
          Info Cost: 2900 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After placement of the Kudik Peaks symbol. 
          Reward/s: 17200 Gil, 2x Random Items, 2x Random Cards
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     - 
          Available for: -

          Difficulty: Medium
          Enemies:    Sage
                      Paladin
                      Fighter
                      Red Mage
                      Time Mage
                      Black Mage

          You should know the drill by now. Find the unknown wanderer on the
          world map. As soon as you enter the battlefield, you will appear 
          before Clan Ox. There's no hostility at first, but one of the grunts
          notes that this Marche fellow looks incredibly alike to that bounty.
          But guess what! It's you they are looking for!

          Of all the possibilities, you just had to accept this mission to
          actually help Clan Ox find you. Heh, since we aren't about to let
          ourselves be turned in, we'll fight our way out. Hopefully, you had
          brought in a healing unit as this clan isn't your ordinary pushover.
          Ranged attackers work well too. 

          Your enemies consist of a Sage, a Paladin, a Fighter, a Red Mage,
          a Time Mage, and a Black Mage... phew. From past experience, you
          might expect the Paladin to be the main figure of difficulty here.
          Although his Attack power is fairly high, he lacks in abilities with
          only Saint Cross and Drop Weapon. He is also capable of healing, but
          barely ever uses that ability.
 
          In terms of physical damage, the Fighter might pose a threat. A few
          standard Fighter abilities as well as a high Weapon Attack, you 
          can't go wrong tackling him out first. In terms of actual damage,
          the Black Mage easily cuts that mark. His Magic Power lies in the
          200s, and his abilities consist of some standard techniques. Much 
          of the time, one of them will be an "-aga" ability. If you are
          unfamiliar with that suffix, just know it is the most powerful of
          the elemental spells a Black Mage can throw at you.

          Sages normally pose problems, but not this one. Just be thankful
          this one doesn't hold Giga Flare. Reflex negates all Fight moves
          as you might already know, so be sure you actually have some other
          abilities which can damage the Sage. The Red Mage is laughable
          considering the fact that she doesn't hold Doublecast, and her Magic
          Power is second-rate. Finally, the Time Mage can pose some threats.
          You do not want him to cast Quicken on the Fighter right after he
          damaged your units already. Quick KOs for the enemy.

          You will want to Disable the Fighter and Paladin quickly. Following,
          you can choose to Silence everyone else. It would be smart to bring
          in a utility unit to do all those status ailments, followed by your
          physical and magical attackers, followed by a healing unit. If you
          can set up an attack, you should be fine. However, if you just rush
          in without any strategy, you probably won't last that long. This 
          isn't a difficult battle considering it is a story battle, so you
          should be fine. 

     #14 Golden Clock ~
     =--------------=
          Someone has been selling phoney copies of our "Golden Sandclock 
          (tm)" in the Jeraw Sands area. Please investigate. 
                                 ~ Belta Clockworks Co. 

          Type: Engagement
          Info Cost: 2200 Gil
          Location: Jeraw Sands
          Appears at: After placement of the Jeraw Sands symbol. 
          Reward/s: 18000 Gil, 1x Random Item, 2x Random Cards
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     - 
          Available for: -

          Difficulty: Medium
          Enemies:    Juggler
                      Alchemist
                      Time Mage
                      Gadgeteer 

          Marche enters the area as he always does and notices Shara coming
          out from a corner. Ritz also appears right behind you, and the two
          of you greet. Marche asks Ritz if she know of the bounty on Marche's
          head; Ritz responds and tells Marche she would never turn him in. 
          They are here instead, for some other business... 

          Ritz runs up and calls the Golden Clock forgers out. Yep, you 
          guessed it, it's another battle alongside Ritz. Judging from past 
          experience, this battle should be fairly easy considering that you 
          have Ritz and Shara on your side, not to mention that you are up 
          against only four competitors. Bring in three extra units and start 
          the battle. 

          Your enemies consist of an Alchemist, a Juggler, a Time Mage, and
          a Gadgeteer. The Alchemist holds Meteor which rains a large rock
          on your units for heavy damage, Poison which... well... Poisons of
          course, and Toad which turns the target into a Frog. Whee...!
          Alongside, you see a Juggler with Hurl which throws an item, 
          Firebomb which damages and Berserks, and Ball which Confuses.

          The Time Mage can become dangerous if you aren't careful. Demi is
          extremely effective against those with high HP, and Quicken gives a
          free turn to the unit of choice. Also, Slow and Stop are two 
          annoying status ailments you will want to avoid at all costs unless
          you like to lose turns.

          Finally, the Gadgeteer is as unpredictable as it is effective. 
          Red Spring casts Haste on a random side at the flip of a coin (Just
          hope that's you), Blue Screw casts Dispel on a random side at 
          another flip of a coin (Just hope that isn't you), and Green Gear
          Poisons either side (Again, just hope that isn't you). Also, 
          Damage > MP will make striking this Gadgeteer down a trifle 
          difficult. 

          Without Ritz or Shara, this battle might have caused some problems.
          But because both of your allies are at such high levels with 
          effective abilities, you should barely even break a sweat. However,
          just remember that Ritz and Shara can be KOed, and that's when you
          better do something, or face defeat. You can be a bit laid back here,
          but don't let your guard down. 

     #15 Scouring Time ~
     =---------------=
          By order of Her Majesty Queen Remedi we will be searching each town 
          for the boy wanted by the palace.
                                 ~ Bervenia Palace and Judges

          Type: Engagement
          Info Cost: N/A
          Location: Muscadet
          Appears at: After placement of the Muscadet symbol. 
          Reward/s: 19600 Gil, 2x Random Items, 2x Random Cards
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     - 
          Available for: -

          Difficulty: Slightly Hard
          Enemies:    Sage
                      Gunner
                      Paladin
                      Templar x2
                      Mog Knight x2

          As you enter Muscadet, an engagement is about to occur. Marche and
          Montblanc appear in the area and witness some Judges and officers of
          the law bringing in random units for questioning. A particular 
          argument between a Moogle and a Judge will appear on-screen. The
          Moogle will ask why he is to be brought in, and Judge responds with
          that the human they are looking for has been seen with a Moogle.
          Unable to take this injustice, Marche runs in...

          The first thing he does is exclaim that he is the one Prince Mewt
          is looking for. While the Judge is a bit disbelieving, he still
          brings in units to capture this supposed boy. Units begin to move
          in, and you will note that you are a bit outnumbered. Bring in three
          extra units with addition to Marche and Montblanc and begin the 
          battle with the odds of 5 vs. 7 stacked against you.

          Your enemies consist of some powerful units, but the most dangerous
          of them all would be the Paladin or the two Templars. If you care
          to steal anything, you will definitely want the Dragon Mail or 
          Genji Armor. The first enemy unit to move will probably be the enemy
          Paladin or either Mog Knight, but if you brought in swift units, 
          you should be able to move first for the most part. 

          The two Templars are dangerous with both of them holding the 
          R-Ability, Bonecrusher. In addition, both Templars can terrorize 
          you with Astra, Warcry, Rasp, Haste, and Lifebreak which can deal 
          incredible damage when you knock off a lot of that Templar's HP. 
          The second most dangerous, the Paladin lacks in numbers of abilities,
          but don't let that get your guard off. Holy Blade does incredible
          damage, and Drop Weapon can become annoying.

          Also included are two Mog Knights, a Gunner, and a Sage. The Mog
          Knights are pretty much standard issue and shouldn't provide much
          problems with only Mog Attack, Mog Guard, Mog Rush, Mog Lance, Mog
          Shield, and Mog Aid. By now, you should already have many ways to
          counter-act these kind of abilities. The Sage is almost laughable
          with only Drain, Aero, and Bio. Finally, the Gunner isn't dangerous
          as it hasn't learned Concentrate.

          At the beginning, begin Disabling and/or Immobilizing the Templar
          and Bishop immediately. Using status ailments can easily turn the
          tide of battle with you. Following, you will want to Blind the 
          Gunner. Deal with the opponents as you see fit, but you should try
          to set up an attack which you know won't fail before you attempt
          something rash. 

          But the battle isn't over just yet...

          Difficulty: Hard
          Enemies:    Avatar x8 (Exodus Fruit)
                      Runeseeker (Babus) 

          Afterwards, Judgemaster Cid appears on the scene, and begins to 
          question you. Pretty sure that the boy is the boy, Cid brings him
          to the prison. There, Babus will run in and confirm that the boy is
          indeed Marche. Now that they know, Marche demands that Judgemaster
          Cid let the others go. Cid will ask Marche if he is the one 
          destroying the crystals. Marche confirms, and a seam appears 
          mysteriously. Somehow...

          The fourth crystal is weak... But you have no access to your clan
          as of now. Babus and Cid are also in the area, and they aren't about
          to let you destroy these crystals in which they had so willingly
          defended. You guessed it, it's another fight with Runeseeker Babus,
          and this time, he's even tougher. The only opposition you will 
          receive here is from Babus. The Totema is weak, and it can't attack. 
          Since Cid is a Judgemaster (obviously), he will play as Judge to 
          make sure the Laws are enforced. Babus is no laughing matter 
          however. This battle is a one vs. one... Babus vs. Marche.

          Babus's abilities consist of Explode, a deadly Fire elemental move,
          Stillness, which Stops Marche right in his tracks, and Demi which
          cuts off half of your HP right off the bat. In addition, Counter
          and Weapon Def+ makes him even more of an adversary. The key here
          is to avoid his first move, and follow-up with a heavy damage move
          which you should have at this point for a physical character as
          Marche. Holy Blade or Beatdown would work. However, if you don't
          have access to them, you might have to pick away at Babus's health
          continuously and use X-Potions constantly. Defeat Babus and the
          Fruits to win. 

     #16 The Big Find ~
     =--------------= 
          Even after the historical finds in the Uladon Bog, the Royal Mage
          Academy says there might be more lying hidden out there...
                                 ~ Azare, Streetear

          Type: Engagement
          Info Cost: 3000 Gil
          Location: Uladon Bog
          Appears at: After placement of the Uladon Bog symbol. 
          Reward/s: 20400 Gil, 2x Random Item, 2x Random Cards
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     - 
          Available for: -

          Difficulty: Slightly Hard
          Enemies:    Thief x2
                      Bishop x2
                      Fighter x2

          You all know how I start these story battle things right? "As Marche
          enters the area, he will note... blah blah blah blah." Well, for this
          battle, Marche won't enter the area at first. Therefore, you won't
          hear me say that. Instead, the camera brings you to the battlefield
          and a small conversation between our would be competitors. The 
          Fighters hints something about a kid and late. Perhaps an ambush?
          A scout Thief walks in and states that their "pot of gold" is here
          now. 
          
          Guess who walks in? Why, if it wouldn't be yours truly, Marche. 
          Seeing as he's just been ambushed by a group of six enemies, Marche
          doesn't appear too surprised. Just a simple, "Huh?" Anyhow, prepare
          for another battle. Bring in five extra well-rounded units and 
          prepare yourself for battle once again. You know the drill by now,
          don't you?
 
          Look at your enemies and you will notice that their line-up is
          pretty simple with two Fighters, two Thieves, and two Bishops. 
          Provide that you actually care to know what abilities to avoid, I'll
          tell you that you really want to watch out for Strikeback. Don't
          make stupid moves when you are already sure that it will miss, and
          you will probably get a nice thwack in the head for your imbecile
          move. The same goes for Bonecrusher, but there are a few ways around
          it. 

          The opponent's Fighter abilities consist of Rush, Air Render, Far 
          Fist, Wild Swing, Beatdown, and Blitz. If you were wondering if 
          both Fighters hold all those abilities, the answer is luckily, no.
          They are split up between them. Therefore, if you take out Fighter 
          #1 who has Wild Swing, Far Fist, and Beatdown, you won't have to
          worry about those moves for the rest of the mission unless Fighter 
          #1 happens to revive magically.

          The Thieves can provide some problems. Both of them hold Steal: 
          Weapon, which obviously, steals your weapon. You might want to watch
          out especially. Even worse, Steal: Ability literally "steals" one
          of your abilities. Therefore, you might find it smart to Disable or
          Immobilize the Thieves from afar. Apart from that, you won't see
          too much damage nor annoyance from them. Just don't let your rare
          weapons get stolen. 
 
          The remaining opposition consists of two Bishops. Lucky for you,
          they aren't the most powerful magic casters you might find. Water 
          and Aero do mediocre damage, and Holy might be the largest damage
          dealer even though it doesn't do THAT high of damage either way.
          Also, Bishops are capable of using Cura in this mission and Judge
          steals your JP. 

          Concern yourself with the Thieves at first. Once the chances of
          getting weapons stolen is at 0% (In short, just KO both Thieves),
          you can focus on the Fighters which are probably attacking your
          units like mad at that point. The Bishops won't provide too much
          problem, so you might want to leave them for last unless you have
          a masterful plan of your own. Defeat all enemies and win the 
          mission. 

     #17 Desert Patrol ~
     =---------------=
          The famed Mirage of Gotor is drawing big crowds, and big crowds
          draw thieves and pickpockets. Please help us patrol!
                                 ~ Ivalice Tourism Board

          Type: Engagement
          Info Cost: 2500 Gil
          Location: Gotor Sands
          Appears at: After placement of the Gotor Sands symbol.
          Reward/s: 21400 Gil, 2x Random Items, 2x Random Cards
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     - 
          Available for: -

          Difficulty: Medium
          Enemies:    Bishop
                      Dragoon
                      Defender
                      Gladiator
                      White Monk
                      Soldier x2

          As you enter Gotor Sands for the Desert Patrol mission, Marche
          notices a certain person... that looks a bit familiar. Walking a 
          bit closer, he realizes that it's Doned. Marche is instantly 
          happy to see his brother, but Doned remains silent, and runs away.
          Marche follows and to his surprise, sees Doned talking with another
          group. But even as dumbfounded as he might be, Marche realized 
          that his brother had just turned him in for a bounty. Just what
          is going on?

          The palace still wants your head, and as obvious, this enemy clan
          has come to challenge you. They were notified of your whereabouts 
          by a certain someone. There's nothing else to do but to fight our
          way out of this trap. Bring in six units to go against this enemy
          group and start the battle. Your foe this time is made up of Bangaa 
          and Humans. You will probably notice, that with exception to the 
          Bishop, your enemies are all physical. Try to bring in some magic
          casting units that have moderate Weapon Defense like Morphers or
          Sages to counteract their Weapon Attacks, and work upon their 
          weaker Magic Resistance.

          The White Monk in the front has a bunch of techniques up his 
          alley. Whirlwind damages surrounding units, Air Render is a ranged
          attack, Earth Render deals damage to ALL units in front of him,
          and Far Fist deals ranged splash-damage. Luckily, his Weapon Attack
          is fairly low so don't expect too much from a simple Fight move.
          Behind him is a Gladiator holding the elemental "Spellblade" 
          techniques which include Fire Sword, Bolt Sword, and Ice Sword. 
          They should be pretty self-explanatory.
  
          Two Soldiers make up the Humans of this enemy group. The one closer
          to you at the start holds a few standard "Break" attacks including
          Powerbreak, Mindbreak, and Magicbreak. Provoke Berserks your units
          so be careful. The other Soldier is less of a threat. Luckily, he
          only can use Powerbreak, Mindbreak, and Speedbreak. Mug deals 
          damage but steals Gil at the same time. However, that shouldn't be
          too much of a problem to you.
 
          Right smack-dab in the center is the Defender. Although his Weapon
          Attack and Defense can be intimidating, his abilities are nothing
          to be afraid of. Tremor pushes back all surrounding units, Drop
          Weapon drops your units' weapons, and Mow Down damages all 
          surrounding units, but causes the Defender to lose all his Evade 
          for the entire next turn. The Dragoon has even higher Weapon Attack
          and his abilities can become particularly exasperating. Lancet 
          drains HP, Fire and Bolt Breath are obvious. 

          The magic-casting unit of this battle is the Bishop in the front.
          Luckily, he doesn't pose much of a threat compared to the other
          units. Water is really the only damaging spell he holds. Dispel 
          clears all status enhancements and Break inflicts Petrify on your
          units. Keep in careful mind that once the Bishop is defeated, your
          opponent will have no means of healing apart from having to use
          items.

          I always prefer to take out the magic-caster, seeing as once he's
          down and out, the battle will move much quicker. Therefore, your
          opponent must rely on physical strength to overcome you. Since for
          the most part, Weapon Defense is higher than Magic Resistance for
          this enemy group, magic spells work wonders. Watch out for the
          Bishop's Return Magic however. As you progress through the battle,
          it will become easier and easier until you win. 

     #18 Quiet Sands ~
     =-------------=
          The famed "Barking Sands" in the Delia Dunes have stopped barking, 
          and tour cancellations are rising. Please investigate.
                                 ~ Acamel Tours Office

          Type: Engagement
          Info Cost: 4000 Gil
          Location: Delia Dunes
          Appears at: After placement of the Delia Dunes symbol.
          Reward/s: 22600 Gil, 1x Random Item, 2x Random Cards
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     - 
          Available for: -

          Difficulty: Medium
          Enemies:    Templar x2
                      Titania x2
                      Biskmatar (Llednar)

          The Delia Dunes have stopped barking. Enter the area and Marche will
          complain about the lack of sound. As he is about to walk out however,
          a certain Llednar happens to waltz in. Marche has never seen this
          monster before so he is a bit confused. With a simple, yet powerful
          order, Llednar tells Marche to get out of here. Just before Llednar
          pushes him out, a seam opens...

          Yes, here it is. The fifth and final crystal is just up ahead. The
          Llednar dude is nowhere in sight however. Quietly, Marche disregards
          him and continues. Just up ahead, to Marche's great dismay, is the
          strange man again. With another order, Llednar orders you to go no
          further. With a final blow, Llednar attempts to put Marche in his 
          place...

          Suddenly, a commanding voice streaks through the air. Judgemaster
          Cid has just appeared in the nick of time to stop Llednar and his
          deadly intentions. With an antilaw, the Judgemaster places a law on
          Llednar's most powerful attack, Omega. Disabled, Llednar continues
          to fight, and Marche chooses to stay. Prepare yourself... against
          Biskmatar Llednar. 

          While Llednar summons two Templars and two Titanias, you should 
          send in five units of your own. The Templars are both formidable 
          opponents. With heavy Weapon Attack, they can easily chop through
          your units like a butter knife through butter. If you bring in 
          any Mages, watch out for Silence, and their MP damaging attacks,
          Soul Sphere and Rasp. Astra is a special status enhancement that 
          automatically nullifies the first status ailment against that unit.
          Lifebreak deals lost HP in damage, and Warcry lowers Speed of all
          surrounding units.

          The two Titanias aren't as dangerous in terms of Weapon Attack, but
          LV?D Holy will still pose problems. If the day of month matches your
          unit's level, prepare for some heavy Holy damage against you. Angel
          Whisper both heals HP and casts Auto-Life on one of their allies.
          The last of the units, Llednar himself, is no pushover. He holds 
          incredible Weapon Attack. Even without Omega, he is a major problem.
       
          First off, his lineup of abilities is very deadly. Abyss acts like
          a Sage's Bio, damaging and Poisoning at the same time. Life Render
          deals damage and Dooms Llednar's targets. Heart Render deals MP
          damage. Ripcircle acts by damaging all surrounding units. And 
          finally, Furycircle deals damage to all surrounding units as well 
          as knocking them back. However, if you attempt to damage Llednar,
          you will find that no matter what you use, Llednar cannot be killed.
          

          Therefore, it is impossible to defeat the boss. Luckily, there is a 
          way to win out. Wait out the battle by defeating Llednar's allies,
          and Cid will eventually banish Llednar with a Red Card. With that
          freak gone, Marche may continue. To his great dismay however, the 
          Totema itself still awaits. 

          Difficulty: Hard
          Enemies:    Vampire x4
                      Totema (Mateus)

          With Llednar defeated for the time being, the final crystal awaits.
          As a precaution, Judgemaster Cid asks if Marche would like to leave.
          Knowing his destiny, Marche rightfully declines. Leading him into
          the final room, Cid states that the final crystal is here. The 
          Totema appears as expected, the Totema of the Humans. Mateus will
          suddenly turn into Ritz, then Doned, then Mewt, and then Marche
          himself. Knowing that this is just a mind-trick, Marche disregards 
          it. The fight will begin.

          The four figures will turn into four Vampires. Mateus herself 
          appears in the center. Seeing as this is the toughest of the
          Totemas, take necessary precautions with the units you choose to 
          send in. I would strongly suggest a White Mage against the Vampires
          and very strong physical attackers.

          Mateus has summoned four Vampires to help her out. They are very
          dangerous and can prove quite a bit of exasperation. Although the 
          abilities vary from Vampire to Vampire, you will especially want to
          watch out for LV? S-Flare which deals damage to all units with the
          same one's digit as them. Zombify turns your allies into Zombies,
          and Miasma inflicts damage and possible Poison status. 

          Mateus herself is quite a difficulty. With HP in the 400s, she 
          obviously won't be too easy to take down. Weapon Attack is actually
          in 400s as well! With a single strike, she can easily KO weaker 
          units. Spellbind is an ability that damages and Slows. Breath of God
          is a heavy damage radius attack. Star Cross is the same as the 
          Illusionist ability damaging all units with Holy damage. Thundaga
          is fairly self-explanatory.

          Before actually sending in your units, I would suggest using a 
          White Mage to cast Protect and Shell on them. Therefore, they have
          a higher chance of surviving Mateus' damaging attacks. If you really
          want to win, I would suggest bypassing the Vampires altogether. 
          Blind them or Disable them to make them useless and begin going gun-
          ho at Mateus. There really is no trick. To defeat this Totema, you
          are going to need to be a bit more diligent. Good luck. 

     #19 Materite Now! ~
     =---------------=
          Materite is getting hard to find with Audience Day near. I need
          some for my experiments! Search the Materiwood -- ore will do.
                                 ~ Pallas, Alchemist

          Type: Engagement
          Info Cost: 2700 Gil
          Location: Materiwood
          Appears at: After placement of the Materiwood symbol. 
          Reward/s: 23400 Gil, 2x Random Items, 2x Random Cards
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     - 
          Available for: -

          Difficulty: Slightly Hard
          Enemies:    Sniper
                      Summoner
                      Assassin
                      Red Mage
                      White Mage
                      Elementalist

          Marche has successfully located a bit of Materite in the Materiwood.
          As so far, no opposition has been encountered so from here on, it's
          smooth sailing. However, from his rear, Marche notices a clan of
          Viera bandits. How could they have known he was here? The streetear
          of course was Doned. Nothing we can do now but engage. 

          Six units should be brought in. You might want to work for units
          that are carrying items making them immune to status ailments; you
          should especially prioritize instant KO. The Assassin is bound to
          give you a few problems with that. Shadowbind and Last Breath are 
          the two that you should avoid as best as possible. Shadowbind Stops
          units right in their tracks and Last Breath deals an instant KO.
          That is not something you want happening. 

          The ranged Sniper will also provide a bunch of problems. Aim: Armor,
          Aim: Weapon, and Aim: Wallet destroys the item that they obviously
          shoot at. Once a weapon is destroyed, it cannot be used again which
          makes Aim: Weapon especially annoying if your unit is carrying a 
          rare weapon. If you are going to knock the Sniper into critical HP,
          be sure that you avoid Doom Archer which deals the lost HP into 
          offensive damage. The move also affects MP. Either KO her within one
          turn or Disable her one way or another.

          The rest of this Viera group consists of magic-casters. The 
          Elementalist, capable of using Spirit Magic, will be a major problem
          for you. Unless you use a Status law card, prepare to fall to her
          various "Elemental damage + Status ailment" spells. Shining Air 
          deals Wind damage and Blind at the same time. Evil Gaze deals Dark
          damage and can Confuse. Heavy Dust is a Earth spell that Immobilizes
          and finally, Sliprain deals Water elemental damage and Slows targets
          down.

          Behind her, the Red Mage reigns supreme as the Doublecasting maniac.
          Doublecast allows her to send out two spells in one, single turn. 
          However, you can rid her of that ability by simply stealing her 
          Madu (Rapier). Because she hasn't mastered Doublecast, stealing her
          weapon will prevent her from using an unmastered ability. Even 
          with Doublecast however, the Red Mage still won't pose much of a 
          threat with Fire, Thunder, Sleep, and Poison. KO her whichever way
          you choose.

          The Viera Summoner is your standard, generic enemy. Remember that
          Summon spells have a much larger radius of effect than normal 
          spells. All spells will affect units two tiles out horizontally and
          vertically and one tile diagonally on each corner. If you group your
          units together, your Summoner will wreak havoc. Make sure she
          doesn't take the best of you. Madeen, dealing heavy Holy damage,
          will be very hard to recover from. And finally, the White Mage has
          four simple yet powerful spells. Curaga cures HP, Esuna heals 
          status, Auto-Life revives to full HP, and Shell protects from 
          harmful magic spells. 

          The way you choose to tackle this battle is your choice. I always
          like to take down the Assassin first followed by the White Mage. 
          Without the White Mage, your enemy team is incapable of reviving
          fallen allies as well as becoming very lacking in the ability to
          heal. The Assassin should be taken down early just to avoid her
          annoying techniques. As a possible strategy, group all your enemies
          by the cliff in the northwest corner and push them off for heavy 
          damage and of course, lots of laughs. 

     #20 Present Day ~
     =-------------=
          Security at the palace is tight as ever with the public audiences 
          today. Come pay your respects to the prince and queen.
                                 ~ Bervenia Spokesman

          Type: Engagement
          Info Cost: N/A
          Location: Bervenia Palace
          Appears at: After placement of the Bervenia Palace symbol. 
          Reward/s: 25000 Gil, 2x Random Items, 2x Random Cards
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     - 
          Available for: -

          Difficulty: Slightly Hard
          Enemies:    Templar
                      Alchemist
                      Mog Knight
                      Gladiator x2

          Despite the "run-in" with Doned, Marche and Montblanc were still  
          able to get Nono to make them a legitimate gift in time for Present
          Day. At the start, Montblanc will comfort Marche on the fact that
          the palace won't even recognize him. Walking a bit forward, the two
          of them enter the palace... Nono's gift, the "Lugaborg" is sure to
          get them in. 

          In the palace waiting room, Marche begins to complain about the 
          waiting time. Everyone else has already gone. Montblanc responds
          suggesting that something may be... wrong? If there was some kind 
          of trouble, then the two of them were in deep waters indeed. Behind
          them, a door opened and a group of palace guards enter. It seems 
          that they've figured out who you are. A tip from a concerned citizen
          was their lead; the concerned citizen obviously being Doned.

          This battle may be a bit problematic because of the tiny size of 
          the arena (Heck, we are fighting in the palace waiting room). 
          Luckily, the opposition has the same problem as well. If you bring
          in a Summoner, you can probably expect your enemies to be grouped
          up together. When they do just that, give them a full-powered taste
          of magic. Because of the lack of space, magic units would do very
          well. However, be sure to not group up your units either or you 
          might be forced to make sacrifices.

          Leading the offensive, the Bangaa Templar is nightmarishly strong.
          He excels at Weapon Attack and Weapon Defense so you might want to
          Disable him before he gets too far. Because of Bonecrusher which 
          counter-attacks with an added 1.5x to Weapon Attack, avoid close-
          range attacks. Ability-wise, Astra nullifies the first status 
          ailment against an unit, Warcry lowers Speed of surrounding units,
          Rasp deals MP damage, and Haste speeds an unit up.

          The two Gladiators can be dealt with much quicker, but their Weapon
          Attack are really high. The elemental "Spellblade" attacks will be
          sure to pose some problems for your units. The standard Rush, 
          Beatdown, and Blitz abilities make their appearance as well. Do 
          take precautions when using the Fight move at close range. The
          Reaction Ability, Strikeback, will nullify the incoming attack at
          weapon range as well as following up with an attack of their own. 
          With Weapon Attack in the 340s, you will by all means want to avoid
          that.
 
          The only Moogle here plays his role as a Mog Knight. Mog Attack
          pushes units back one tile while damaging, Mog Lance is a ranged
          attack, Mog Rush is a generic high-powered and low-accuracy attack,
          Mog Shield helps defend by casting Protect and Shell on himself, 
          and Mog Aid heals HP. However, although Mog Knights are normally
          dangerous, the lack of Reaction Ability or Ultima Charge makes this
          Moogle a bit less threatening. Nonetheless, take necessary pre-
          cautions and watch it. 

          The only magic-caster plays an Alchemist job set. You will want to
          especially watch out for Death, which will deal an instant KO. 
          However, if you notice that Death has not been mastered yet, know
          that if the Life Crosier is stolen, the enemy Alchemist will have
          no access to that move. Use that to your advantage. Other abilities
          consist of Flare which deals heavy damage, Poison which of course,
          Poisons, and Toad which inflicts Frog status on an enemy unit.

          As stated before, magic-casters or radius-damage attacks work very
          well in such a small arena. The Templar will most likely play the
          battle by casting Haste on his allies. The three Bangaas are the 
          ones you want to watch out for. All three have very high Weapon 
          Attack which can be devastating to the magic unit lacking in Weapon
          Defense. Once those three are out of the way however, the remaining
          portion of the battle is a cakewalk. 

          Difficulty: Hard
          Enemies:    Biskmatar (Llednar)

          With the initial opposition defeated, more guards begin to run in.
          By now, it seems as if getting through would be impossible. 
          Suddenly, Mewt's Nu Mou servant, Babus, appears. Instead of going
          against you however, Babus Stops the guards right in their tracks.
          Confused by this sudden change of position, Marche asks Babus why
          he's helping him. Responding, the Nu Mou states that he wishes to
          know more about what is going on with these "worlds." 

          Babus soon warps you to the Prince's throne room. Mewt is pacing 
          along. Babus brings Marche up, and Mewt is instantly angry to see 
          him. Knowing he hasn't got much time, Marche tries to reason with
          Mewt as quickly as possible. Mewt realizes that even Babus is now
          against him. Before Mewt could be changed, Remedi warps in to 
          comfort him. However, Mewt is taken away... and Marche is left with
          nothing...

          To add insult to injury, Llednar has been summoned to rid the palace
          of this presence. Babus agrees to help, but Marche tells him to 
          try to trace where Mewt and the Queen had gone. However, as of now,
          Marche must engage with Llednar... You should notice that the 
          barrier protecting Llednar from damage is still active. Therefore, 
          the objective is not to win, but to SURVIVE. The amount of turns 
          required is five, but that won't be easy. 

          The main difficulty with this mission is the fact that Llednar 
          will most likely take the first turn. However, if you leveled up 
          Marche as a Thief or a Ninja, you might prevail and take the first
          turn. If you aren't faster, then pray that Llednar doesn't use 
          Omega. If he lands that, the battle is already over. Use your turns
          wisely by running away from Llednar every single turn. In order for
          Llednar to use Omega, he has to be right next to you. 

          Therefore, I recommend that for your first turn (If you survived),
          you run in the opposite direction. Therefore, Biskmatar Llednar will
          be forced to use Abyss which Poisons and damages. However, that is 
          easily solved with Potions. Spend five turns running away from 
          Llednar if you want to win. In the end, the Judgemaster will make
          his presence, and the battle is over... 

     #21 Hidden Vein ~
     =-------------=
          Most say the Tubola Cave mines were depleted during the 1st Mythril 
          Rush, but my grandfather's will says otherwise. Please check!
                                 ~ Cruu, Mine Foreman

          Type: Engagement
          Info Cost: 2800 Gil
          Location: Tubola Cave
          Appears at: After placement of the Tubola Cave symbol. 
          Reward/s: 26200 Gil, 1x Random Item, 2x Random Cards
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     - 
          Available for: -

          Difficulty: Medium
          Enemies:    Sage
                      Juggler
                      Animist
                      Blue Mage
                      Mog Knight
                      White Monk

          Now that we're out mythril hunting, Doned will be sure to try to
          interfere again. Marche walks into the Tubola Cave area pretending
          to be searching for mythril. A voice splits the area. "Stop! Thief!"
          Marche is dumbfounded. The enemy group states that Marche is 
          stealing their mythril. Apparently, Doned has turned him in... 
          again! Surrounded, Marche has no other options but to engage. 

          When you bring in your units, be sure that you position them so 
          they can take attacks from both sides. With three units on one side
          and three units on the other, your position is flanked. The first
          of your opponents to move would most likely be the Moogle Juggler.
          The Knife that he holds is one of the strongest in this game. You 
          can easily disable his Weapon Attack by simply stealing it. Watch 
          out for Dagger which damages and Disables. Firebomb can be annoying
          as it Berserks and damages while Smile automatically gives one of
          allies the next turn.

          The Sage will become a pit of many of your problems. Giga Flare is
          one of the most powerful magic spells a Nu Mou has to offer. This 
          move is also second to Ultima Blow in terms of damage. If you group
          your units together, Giga Flare can affect all of them as it is
          capable of dealing damage to multiple units. The last unit on the 
          east side is a Mog Knight. Mog Guard is used to guard himself. Mog
          Rush deals heavy damage at the cost of lowered accuracy, Mog Shield
          automatically nullifies one status ailment, Mog Peek detects hidden
          items, and Mog Aid heals HP and status.

          A Bangaa White Monk leads an offensive to the west. Earth Render
          can damage all units directly in front of that unit. It can be
          devastating if you don't watch your unit placement. The White Monk
          is also capable of reviving fallen allies with Revive. Next on the
          list is the Moogle Animist. You should avoid Tail Wag, a Charming
          move, and Friend, a completely wildcard ability with unpredictable
          results. Finally, the Blue Mage finishes off the set with various
          Blue Magic techniques. Twister cuts off 1/2 HP right off the bat. 
          Bad Breath will deal multiple status ailments. Roulette KOs a random
          unit on the field. And White Wind will heal the amount of HP he has
          remaining.

          This battle isn't that tough. The only real problematic units would
          be the Sage or the Blue Mage. The latter can wreak havoc with Bad
          Breath and Roulette. However, ban Color Magic with a law card and 
          his abilities go down the drain. Likewise, ban Skills and the Sage
          is disabled in terms of using his Sagacity Skill. Overall, this 
          story mission is nothing tough. What is soon to come however, will
          be. 

     #22 To Ambervale ~
     =--------------=
          Mewt and Remedi have gone to the Ambervale. Before you follow, come 
          to the Deti Plains, I have a request to ask of you.
                                 ~ Judgemaster Cid

          Type: Engagement
          Info Cost: N/A
          Location: Deti Plains
          Appears at: After placement of the Deti Plains symbol.
          Reward/s: 27000 Gil, 2x Random Items, 2x Random Cards
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     - 
          Available for: -

          Difficulty: Medium
          Enemies:    Coeurl
                      Lilith
                      Thundrake
                      Jawbreaker
                      Big Malboro

          On our way to the Deti Plains, Marche comes across a group of 
          monsters in his path. What comes next should be drilled in your 
          head by now. Bring in another five units in addition to Marche
          himself. Before we can find Judgemaster Cid, we are going to have
          to take care of this monster threat first. Cid hasn't arrived yet
          so take your time. As a story mission, you can already expect these 
          monsters to be a bit tougher than some normal engagement. 

          The nearest target, a Coeurl stands valiantly. Blaster is his only
          technique, but each casting will Petrify an unit. Being a ranged
          ability, keeping your units away won't always help. Therefore, I'd
          suggest taking it down before a chance to use it is taken. Even so,
          its Weapon Attack power is fairly high. Ridding the battlefield of
          the Coeurl first will make advancing through the arena much easier
          as there won't be any opposition blocking the front-lower area.

          I normally get stuck up at bottom where the waterfall hits the 
          edge of the map. Usually, if you take down the Coeurl, you can avoid
          any pre-battle traffic jams. However, you might still find that the
          Jawbreaker attempts to impede your path very often. If any of your
          units have levels divisible by three or five, watch out for LV3 Def-
          less and LV5 Death. The latter provides instant death to all units 
          with levels divisible by five and LV3 Def-less lowers the Defense 
          and Resistance of all units with levels divisible by three. Even 
          worse, they both have a 100% chance of hitting if the levels pertain
          correctly.
 
          By this point, you should be nearing the west side of the arena and
          beginning to climb the steps up to the higher level. The Big Malboro
          will be a nuisance with Bad Breath. In short, it is capable of 
          inflicting a large number of status ailments on you with one cast.
          Soundwave is less of a problem as it only Dispels any status 
          enhancements. Further up, a Lilith reigns supreme. Avoid being 
          caught at distances with Twister. Poison Frog inflicts Poison and
          Frog status while Kiss inflicts Doom and Charm.

          I always prefer to take this battle on in order. The monsters aren't
          too smart and usually stick to their area. If you take out the 
          monsters as they come, the battle will flow through. Unless you
          are wearing Galmia Shoes (In which you can just jump up the cliff),
          you will need to transcend through the path anyway. You should end
          at the Thundrake. If you have retained most of your units while 
          pushing through, it will fall easily despite holding Bolt Breath and
          Geomancy. 

     #23 Over The Hill ~
     =---------------=
          I want you to find me some amber in the Siena Gorge. Amber contains 
          the power of the sun, essential in making the antilaw I need.
                                 ~ Judgemaster Cid

          Type: Engagement
          Info Cost: N/A
          Location: Siena Gorge
          Appears at: After placement of the Siena Gorge symbol. 
          Reward/s: 28600 Gil, 2x Random Items, 2x Random Cards
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     - 
          Available for: -

          Difficulty: Hard
          Enemies:    Fencer
                      Summoner
                      Assassin
                      Elementalist
                      Sniper (Shara)
                      Red Mage (Ritz)

          Our last stop before we head off to Ambervale is Siena Gorge. There,
          we are to find some amber for Judgemaster Cid to create the antilaw
          he needs. Entering the Siena Gorge, a pink-haired girl stands 
          valiantly at the top of a large pass. Laughing for a second, Ritz
          is positioned with her clan. Next to her is Shara. With a sense of
          confidence, Ritz states that when Marche might be engaging them,
          it just seems kind of funny.

          A surprising turn of events, huh? Ritz had never wanted to go back
          home, so this battle was sure to come eventually. Marche enters and
          realizes what is about to commence. For the next engagement, they 
          are no longer acquaintances. Marche is going over that hill. Ritz
          however, will use all her power to stop that. Knowing that she won't
          give up now, Marche prepares to engage. Bring in five additional 
          units and the epic battle between Marche and Ritz will begin.

          We had never battled Ritz and her clan before, so this might be
          something new. Ritz's clan consists of Viera only. She does well
          with a good balance between magic and physical units. You should do
          the same. At the start of the battle, climb up the hill to meet 
          Clan Ritz at the edge. Try not to move further onto the wooden 
          bridge as traffic jams will be sure to start there. Instead, stay 
          back and let Ritz come to you.

          Now that you are in a good position to start your offensive from,
          begin to build up your units and prepare to attack. The first of
          Clan Ritz to most likely move would be the Assassin. With 200 points
          in Speed, she can move pretty fast. Even so, the Ninja Tabi allows
          her to move 6 tiles which can become pretty threatening. Do not let
          her get behind you and use Last Breath. Aphonia is only dangerous to
          magic units as it Silences and Rockseal can Petrify units into 
          stone. Oblivion works by Addling a target.

          The Fencer has mediocre Weapon Attack for a physical unit. Luckily,
          she is fairly lacking in abilities. Swallowtail damages surrounding
          units, Piercethrough works like a Spear-jab by dealing damage to 
          two units directly in front of her, and Nighthawk is a ranged 
          attack. Of the magic-casters, the Summoner will be sure to pose a 
          few problems with her Summon spells. Madeen will deal incredible
          Holy damage. Also, her castings can deal damage to all units two
          tiles away and one tile diagonally from the center of damage. Don't
          group your units together and her spells will be less devastating.

          Taking up a particularly problematic position, the Elementalist 
          will be sure to get in your way. Because all of her techniques have
          status ailments connected (With exception to White Flame), you will
          not only be struck by magic, but also inflicted with certain status
          ailments. Fire Whip deals Fire damage and can also Disable an unit.
          Shining Air will deal Wind damage along with Blinding a target. 
          Heavy Dust deals Earth damage with a chance of Immobilizing. Beware
          of the Elementalshift as well. Once through, you might be taking 
          heavy damage because of taking elemental weaknesses that 
          Elementalshift exploited.

          Ritz's right-hand man (or in this case, Viera) is apparent as a 
          Sniper. Her Weapon Attack is high enough to prove a difficulty. 
          Even so, her abilities are ones to watch out for. I'd mostly 
          recommend banning Missile attacks altogether (Law Card). However,
          if that can't possibly apply to you, I'd suggest you take her 
          down fast. Death Sickle will inflict Doom status from far away. Doom
          Archer deals lost HP in damage against. Aim: Weapon and Aim: Armor
          will destroy the selected item. The last two should be taken with
          caution if you are wearing or wielding any valuable weaponry or
          clothing.

          Finally, the boss herself plays a role as a Red Mage. Ritz is no 
          easy matter to overcome. Her Weapon Attack is mediocre, but you will
          hardly see her actually using Fight moves. As a Red Mage, it is 
          true that Doublecast is apparent. With it, she can cast Fire, 
          Thunder, or Blizzard against you for offensive damage. Magic Pow+
          boosts the Magic Power and therefore makes each hit hurt. Be wary
          of "Sleep + Offensive Magic" combos as well. Being put to Sleep
          can make a unit vulnerable to spells right off the bat. Simply
          Silencing her wouldn't work as Ribbon nullifies all status ailments.
          Not good.

          The main objective is defeating Ritz. Being at the front of the
          group, that objective is easily accomplished if you just feel like
          rushing through the mission. While you fight however, I'd suggest
          you Steal some of the items around. Max's Oathbow, SeventhHeaven,
          and Ritz's Femme Fatale are all very useful items to take. Defeat
          Ritz to take her down. The pass... is now clear. 

     #24 Royal Valley ~
     =--------------=
          Thank you for waiting, Marche, I can leave for the Ambervale any
          time. Let's go as soon as you are ready.
          Type: Engagement
          Info Cost: N/A
          Location: Ambervale
          Appears at: After placement of the Ambervale symbol. 
          Reward/s: End of game 
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     - 
          Available for: -

          Difficulty: Hard
          Enemies:    Ninja
                      Gunner
                      Assassin
                      Alchemist
                      Illusionist
                      Biskmatar (Llednar)

          Finally, after many obstacles, we find ourselves in the final 
          chapters... Ambervale... the Royal Valley. As Marche is led into
          the area, he denotes the beauty of this palace. Judgemaster Cid has
          located Mewt to this position. As the two walk forward, the music
          stops as they discover Babus lying unconscious on the ground. An
          unknown voice states the fact that he isn't dead... yet.

          Llednar again. As always, he is here for trouble. Not letting you
          pass, Cid pulls out a special Law Card. With the cast, all Laws
          protecting Llednar are nullified. The invincible barrier surrounding
          Llednar will break. Now vulnerable to attack, the Biskmatar still
          fights. Bringing in his units, the battle will begin. This time
          however, you won't be running away from Llednar. Now, you must fight
          him... and thus, defeat him. You have the option of sending in three 
          units of your choice. Unless you want to take Llednar on 
          singlehandedly, I'd suggest you take advantage of that. A White Mage 
          will be very logical for the incoming fight. 

          The Biskmatar's group consists of a Ninja, a Gunner, an Assassin,
          an Alchemist, and an Illusionist. The first three are the main 
          difficulty. The Ninja is capable of using Double Sword. From past
          experience, you know that two high-powered Katanas against you will
          generate a lot of hurt. Along with that, watch out for his ranged
          "Veil" attacks. Fire Veil deals Fire elemental damage and will 
          Confuse an unit. Earth Veil uses Earth elemental damage and can
          Slow a target. Water Veil deals Water damage and will Silence a 
          target. Finally, Oblivion inflicts Addle status on an enemy which
          disallows them to use Action Abilities. 

          The Moogle Gunner is sure to pose some problems. His ability line-up
          consists of Charmshot, Blindshot, Silenshot, and Stopshot. Luckily,
          he doesn't have Concentrate so he can easily be counteracted by
          Blinding him. The nearby Assassin can be particularly dangerous
          using her Corner techniques. Take caution and watch out for 
          Nightmare and Rockseal. No Last Breath makes her much less 
          dangerous. Even so, her abilities will give you many problems if you
          aren't careful.

          The two magic-casters of this group are an Illusionist and an 
          Alchemist. The latter of the two is capable of instant KO with 
          Death along with heavy damage through Flare. Toad should also be
          taken with caution as it turns his target into a Frog. The 
          Illusionist is a master of Phantasm Magic. Included are Prominence
          which deals Fire damage to all units, Tempest which deals Lightning
          damage to all units, Stardust which rains meteors down on all units,
          Soil Evidence which deals Earth damage to every unit, and Wild
          Tornado which initiates Wind damage on all units.

          Finally, Biskmatar Llednar plays a role as the boss. Now that he
          can be hurt, you should no longer run from him. (Remember the 
          Present Day battle?) Wielded are a few useful items. Excalibur is
          a high-powered Knightsword and Peytral is a rare piece of Armor.
          Ability-wise, there's nothing stopping Llednar from using Omega 
          now. Heavy damage will most likely KO your units within a single
          strike. Do your best to avoid that. Life Render will damage and 
          Doom. Don't try to surround him either as Furycircle will just
          push them all back.

          This battle is over once Llednar is defeated. Go gun-ho against him
          and he'll fall beneath your blade. Without his barrier, he will be
          vulnerable to defeat. With that, he crumbles and shall live no 
          more...

          Difficulty: Hard
          Enemies:    Battle Queen (Queen Remedi)
                      Dephs x2 (Famfrit/Adrammelech)

          It turns out that Babus was really just knocked out. Marche succeeds
          in waking him up luckily. The first thing he asks is where the 
          Prince is. We still hadn't gone inside yet so we couldn't have
          completed our task yet. Babus cannot fight anymore. He stays behind
          while both Marche and Cid venture inside the chapel. Once inside, 
          the two of them meet Remedi. With that, she reinforces the fact that
          this world is still an illusion. At the same time, Marche demands to
          know where Mewt is. The Queen then states that even Marche isn't 
          ready to let this world go. Being the moral person he is, Marche 
          admits to liking this world. However, it isn't real. Mewt's voice 
          booms through the air. Suddenly, he appears in the hand of the 
          statue ahead. Mewt still doesn't want to leave...

          Now Queen Remedi is obligated to use any means necessary in order
          to extract Marche from this area. With that, she transforms into 
          Battle Queen mode and summons two Dephs, her own creatures of 
          incredible power. Prepare to fight Battle Queen Remedi and her two 
          creations, a resurrection of Famfrit and Adrammelech. They still 
          have their own tricks up their sleeve. If you ever want to go back, 
          you must defeat the Queen.

          Famfrit on the right is basically a more powerful version of the
          first Totema we had battled. However, you will note that his level
          and stats have gone up considerably. If you thought he was difficult
          before, now he will be a nightmare. Breath of God is still in his
          ability line-up. Still capable of using that destructive casting,
          expect heavy damage. Lightspeed works a lot like Greased Bolt or
          Faster by delivering an attack that bypasses R-Abilities. Presense
          deals damage and knocks a target back one tile. You should already
          be aware of what Demi does. Cutting off 1/2 an unit's HP will hurt.

          In addition to that monster, Adrammelech of the Bangaas will aid
          Remedi and your destruction. Lightspeed is the same move that 
          Famfrit. Firestream is a high-powered Fire attack that deals damage
          to all units standing directly in front of him. Howl of Rage is 
          basically Warcry as it lowers the Speed of surrounding units. Watch
          out for his heavy Weapon Attack. A strike from that will send most
          units into critical HP. 
      
          The Battle Queen herself is no laughing matter. She currently holds
          the highest Weapon Attack out of both her Dephs heathens. However,
          she is currently incapable of using any abililities. Therefore, if
          you can just avoid her bite, then you should be fine. Defeat the two
          Totema clones and then focus on Remedi. Don't allow her to touch you
          however, as a hit from her would take most units down. Defeat 
          Remedi and complete the battle... 

          Is it over...?

          Difficulty: Very Hard
          Enemies:    Deph x2 (Mateus)
                      Li-grim (Remedi)

          Queen Remedi has been defeated... or not. Mewt appears once again
          and Marche takes this chance in a vain attempt to talk to him. 
          Mewt's beginning to break down finally. While Remedi is weakened,
          Marche does his best and tries to coax with him. The Queen gets up
          again and walks over to Mewt. "I am the wish-gatherer. I am the
          world-maker." No longer is she Queen Remedi. Now she is the pure
          essence that binds this world together. Defeat her... and the wishes
          shall be undone... With that, the Li-Grim brings in two more Dephs. 
          This time, they are Mateus, the Human Totema. The epic battle we had 
          all been waiting for shall begin in the next few seconds. This 
          really is the end. 

          Bring in five units and let the final battle begin. Before we go
          over Li-Grim, you might want to know what the two Dephs Remedi has
          summoned are capable of. The last Totema battle was difficult. Now,
          you are up against two Mateuses. Spellbind deals Dark damage and can
          Slow a target. Breath of God is a new and improved version of 
          Famfrit's original signature move. Along with that, both Mateuses
          have mastered Star Cross which deals Holy damage to all enemy units
          and Thundaga, the Black Magic spell.

          Li-Grim herself is a difficulty. Lucky for you, her Weapon Attack
          has gone down. What appeared however were a bunch of abilities; all
          of them being dangerous in their own sense. Lawshift is one annoying
          ability that is also very unpredictable. Basically, she is capable
          of shifting the Laws to her liking, and Cid has no control over it.
          Amber Gleam acts by Dispeling status enhancements. Her offensive 
          magic (Ricca) consists of Llednar's Omega which deals heavy damage.
          However, Alpha dwarves even Omega in terms of damage! Descent sends 
          in a random Totema and Magi deals lot of damage really, really fast. 

          If you really want to win as quickly as possible, send all your 
          units on a collision course against Remedi. The Mateuses are 
          dangerous, but attacking them will only allow Remedi more time to 
          use Omega or Alpha. From here on, there's really no more strategy.
          The remaining battle depends on your determination and your sheer
          power. Overwhelm Remedi... and the world-thread... shall 
          disappear...

     #25 Wanted! ~
     =---------=
          This Month's Wanted!
          Black Mage Dolce: 4600 Gil
          [] Dangerous magic use
          [] Eating and running
          [] Assorted misdemeanors
          [] Last spotted in forest

          Type: Engagement
          Info Cost: 600 Gil
          Location: Nubswood
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #2 Thesis Hunt. Kingmoon 
                      only.
          Reward/s: 4600 Gil, Flower Vase, 1x Random Item
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     - 
          Available for: -

          Difficulty: Medium
          Enemies:    White Monk
                      Soldier
                      White Mage
                      Black Mage (Dolce)

          We enter the battlefield and find the Black Mage Dolce along with 
          three other members. Immediately, Dolce claims he paid for his food,
          but we are obviously aware of his recent crimes. So, get your units
          ready and make that Black Mage pay for all the restaurant checks he
          passed.

          Black Mage Dolce's forces aren't spread out which should make the 
          battle considerably easier. The main threat here is Dolce and his
          powerful Black Magic obviously, but you should also watch out for the
          White Monk. The Soldier should be ignored for the time being, but 
          you should also take note of the White Mage which will constantly 
          heal his team. To avoid making the battle too long, take out the
          White Mage. To further shun Dolce's team, defeat the White Monk too.
 
          End the battle by putting the smack on Dolce. It's pretty easy 
          getting near him, but if you choose to run after him with more than
          one, be sure you spread them out. As you already know, Black Magic
          has radius damage. Dolce will fall pretty quickly and by then, the
          mission is complete. 

     #26 Wanted! ~
     =---------=
          This Month's Wanted!
          Gabbana Brothers: 13600 Gil
          [] Thief (4 counts)
          [] Rosiotti slaying
          [] Always together
          [] Target desert travelers

          Type: Engagement
          Info Cost: 1800il
          Location: Jeraw Sands
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #13 The Bounty. Bardmoon
                      only. 
          Reward/s: 13600 Gil, 2x Random Item, 2x Random Cards
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     - 
          Available for: -

          Difficulty: Slightly Hard
          Enemies:    Thief
                      Warrior
                      Time Mage
                      White Monk 
                      Juggler (Lil Gabbana)
                      Mog Knight (Big Gabbana)

          Here we are, yet another Wanted! mission. This time, we are facing
          two of the most wanted figures of the Moogle race. You see both of
          the Gabbana Brothers at the start, along with the rest of their 
          forces. Let's engage.

          You might have some trouble right off the bat here. The Moogle Thief
          has two abilities, and both of them are painful. Steal: Armor steals
          your Armor obviously, and if you are wearing something valuable, 
          you might lose. The other, Steal: Weapon, is even more of an 
          annoyance. Since Weapons usually hold at higher values than Armor,
          if you lose that particular Nosada, Excalibur, etc., you might not
          get it back for a while. Not only that, but this Thief holds Cuisine
          which can quickly heal all of his HP.
 
          The Time Mage shouldn't be taken into too much priority. Quicken 
          might be the only technique which might cause some problems. The two
          Bangaas are a White Monk and a Warrior. The White Monk has Earth
          Render which damages all who stand directly in front of him, along 
          with Air Render and Whirlwind. The Warrior has a few tricks up his
          sleeves however. Greased Bolt nullifies R-Abilities, and Downsize
          cuts off 1/2 of your HP.

          This leaves us with Big Gabbana and Lil Gabbana. Lil Gabbana holds
          just two abilities, but they can pose a few problems. Smile is 
          another way to Quicken, and Dagger Disables and damages. Big Gabbana
          on the other hand is a much bigger threat. His abilities consist of
          Mog Attack, Mog Guard, Mog Lance, Mog Rush, and Last Haste. To win
          this battle easily, defeat the Thief to avoid the Steal: Weapon and
          Steal: Armor ability, followed by Sir Mog Knight. 

     #27 Wanted! ~
     =---------=
          This Month's Wanted!
          Diaghilev Godeye: 2800 Gil
          [] Using alchemy to make counterfeit Gil
          [] Rumored to have a third eye.

          Type: Engagement
          Info Cost: 600 Gil
          Location: Giza Plains
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #2 Thesis Hunt. Madmoon 
                      only.
          Reward/s: 2800 Gil, 1x Random Item
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     - 
          Available for: -

          Difficulty: Medium
          Enemies:    Archer
                      Thief
                      Dragoon
                      Gladiator
                      Alchemist (Diaghilev)

          If you are engaging with Diaghilev before completing at least Mission
          #2 and training your clan up to level 4-5, you might be in for some
          trouble. However, if you wait before taking this mission and have 
          leveled up to around that point, this battle should be pretty simple
          yet slightly challenging. 
          
          Diaghilev holds his forces towards the north end of the arena. You
          come in towards the south. There appears to be a giant hole in the
          middle of the arena (Do not ask me why the heck that is there) so 
          you can't station your units there. Since Diaghilev is towards the
          far back, I suggest letting your enemies come to you. Lure Diaghilev
          close and when he's in range, pummel him with a physical unit.

          That's the best course of action, however, if you failed to bring
          in a physical unit or you for some reason, can't set up the attack,
          you won't be able to end the battle quicker than you might expect.
          The Dragoon is the main problem here. If you fail to take out 
          Diaghilev within three turns, he will wreak havoc with your attacks.
          Therefore, take the Dragoon out before dealing with Diaghilov 
          otherwise. The objective is to defeat the Alchemist and once that
          is accomplished, the mission is yours. 

     #28 Wanted! ~
     =---------= 
          This Month's Wanted!
          Swampking Kanan: 18000 Gil
          [] Ex-palace guard (AWOL)
          [] Raiding local towns from a camp in the Uladon Bog

          Type: Engagement
          Info Cost: 2200 Gil
          Location: Uladon Bog
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #15 Scouring Time. Sagemoon
                      only. 
          Reward/s: 18000 Gil, 2x Random Items, 2x Random Cards
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     - 
          Available for: -

          Difficulty: Medium
          Enemies:    Archer
                      Bishop
                      Dragoon
                      Summoner
                      Templar (Kenan)

          For this month's Wanted! mission, we are going against the original
          palace guard, Kenan and a group of his followers. His allies are
          balanced and can pack a punch if you aren't careful. Bring in your
          units and prepare to show Kenan that a life of crime is like a 
          boomerang; you choose to let it go, but if you aren't careful, you
          will smack yourself in the face.

          The main opposition is like always, the boss of today's battle,
          Kanan. His Templar techniques include the standard Warcry, Soul 
          Sphere, and Haste, along with a special ability, Lifebreak, that 
          deals the amount of HP damage he has taken against you. Kanan's
          weapon at the moment, Kain's Lance, teaches that ability. If you'd
          like, steal it, so you can have access to it as well. (Unless you 
          already have.)

          The Dragoon in this battle plays like Kanan's right-hand man (Or 
          in this case, lizard). Being a Dragoon, he can pack a punch with
          his Breath attacks. Even worse, Doublehand allows him to deal 
          heavy damage with an already powerful Sword. The Archer in the 
          rear has Cupid and Take Aim. Concentrate makes sure that either
          ability will have a high chance of hitting its mark. Unless you
          like your units running around Charmed, defeat him to destroy that
          threat.

          Your two magic casters consist of a Bangaa Bishop, and a Viera 
          Summoner. The first holds the ability Cura, Water, and Aero. 
          Therefore, the Bishop is capable of both healing and dealing 
          offensive magic. The Summoner is a bit more dangerous however. Know
          that Summoner abilities have a larger radius than normal spells
          hitting at the diagonals and two squares out from the target. Beware
          of Ifrit, Ramuh, and Shiva.

          If you Silence the two magic casters, you can defeat their threat
          fairly quickly. The objective here is to simply defeat the boss, 
          of whom in this case is Kanan. Don't allow the Archer to Charm your
          units too often, and keep the Bangaa Dragoon at bay to leave the
          path to Kanan open. Watch out especially for Lifebreak when the 
          Templar is at lower health. 

     #29 Wanted! ~
     =---------=
          This Month's Wanted! 
          Killer Rayne: 45000 Gil
          [] Fearsome female assassin
          [] Said to know all the skills of her trade
          [] Hiding in Jagd Helje

          Type: Engagement
          Info Cost: 4800 Gil
          Location: Jagd Helje
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #64 Den of Evil. Huntmoon
                      only. 
          Reward/s: 45000 Gil, Secret Item (Zanmato), 1x Random Item, 2x
                    Random Cards
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     -
          Available For: -

          Difficulty: Slightly Hard
          Enemies:    Gunner
                      Sniper
                      Red Mage
                      Assassin (Rayne)

          The Jagd Helje area is haven to many deadly assassins. Like always,
          be sure that your units don't get KOed. Seeing as this is a Jagd,
          if they die here, then they die forever. Bring in six units to 
          combat Rayne's team. It's four versus six, but Rayne's deadly clan
          will more than make up for numbers.

          The arena is flat except for a few steps and abandoned houses. The
          nearby Gunner will be a pit of many problems. Although he is a 
          Gunner, he hasn't mastered Concentrate yet so he can easily be 
          disabled through use of Blinding. His Gunmanship abilities allow
          him to Confuse, Charm, Blind, or Silence your units so beware of
          them. Last Quicken allows him to automatically gain the next turn
          once his HP turns critical.

          The Viera Red Mage (although she isn't really red) is an able 
          caster of Red Magic. Luckily, she hasn't learned any offensive 
          spells, but Doublecast can allow her to cast out two spells within
          one turn. Cure will heal an ally's HP, Sleep will put a group of
          units to Sleep, and Poison will inflict Poison status. Even though
          Magic Pow+ is present, it really is useless as she has no offensive
          spells.

          The second most dangerous unit to Rayne is the Sniper. While the 
          Gunner might not have Concentrate learned, she does. With that
          Support Ability equipped, she can use Doubleshot which shoots two
          arrows simaltaneously, Beso Toxico which damages and Poisons, Death
          Sickle which inflicts Doom status, Doom Archer which deals lost HP
          in damage against HP and MP, and Aim: Weapon of which is capable of
          destroying a weapon. My best piece of advice would be stealing her
          Hades Bow. Once it is gone, she will be forced to pop up at point
          blank range in order to use any of her abilities.

          The Assassin Rayne fills the final gap. As an Assassin, a number of
          deadly abilities are available to her. First off, Shadowbind acts 
          by pinning an unit's shadow to the ground. Through that, units can
          be Stopped right in their tracks. Last Breath deals an instant KO.
          Since this a Jagd, you will want to avoid that at all costs. 
          Nightmare puts targets to Sleep while Dooming them. Ague Slows an
          enemy and Oblivion inflicts Addle status. Finally, Ultima Masher 
          deals incredible damage at the cost of 60 MP. Avoid the latter as
          best as you can.

          Status ailments always help to turn the tide of battle in your 
          favor. Take precautions before sending units on offensives or else
          you might have quite a dilemma on your hands. Blind the Gunner, 
          Disable the Sniper, Silence the Red Mage, and take down Rayne while
          her comrades are struggling through their own problems. Try to take
          Rayne out within a single turn to avoid any counterattacks. 

     #30 Wanted! ~
     =---------=
          This Month's Wanted!
          Dark Duke Lodion: 22600 Gil
          [Warning: Very Dangerous]
          [] Powerful magic
          [] Numerous followers
          [] Active in Jagd Alhi

          Type: Engagement
          Info Cost: 2700 Gil
          Location: Jagd Alhi
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #65 Exploration. Kingmoon
                      only. 
          Reward/s: 22600 Gil, Onlyone, 1x Random Item, 2x Random Cards
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     -
          Available For: -

          Difficulty: Slightly Hard
          Enemies:    Archer
                      Fighter
                      Dragoon
                      Assassin
                      Gladiator
                      Illusionist (Lodion)

          Jagd battles are always difficult. This particular "Wanted!" battle
          should be no exception. You are up against a full house of six 
          high-powered units so you might want to bring in some units you can
          trust. Luckily, there are no laws, so just bring in all your 
          powerhouse units along with a White Mage if you're paranoid about
          the possible "death."

          The Archer is perhaps the least effective unit. With only Boost,
          Aim: Legs, Aim: Arm, and Blackout, he shouldn't be able to deal too
          much hurt. Also, he lacks Concentrate which turns him into an even
          lesser threat. The Dragoon on the other hand is a bit more 
          problematic. Jump is a ranged attack, Lancet drains HP, and Bangaa
          Cry is a special "Breath" attack that deals more damage, but doesn't
          have elemental backing. Dragonheart is the main problem. Any 
          Weapon strike against him will give him Auto-Life automatically.
 
          Next in line, the Gladiator and Fighter appear to co-exist with
          each other. Luckily, both Spellblade and Fighter techniques don't
          have any real effect as long as your Weapon Defense is up. Blitz
          is a high-accuracy, low-power strike and Beatdown is a low-accuracy,
          high-power strike. Wild Swing deals damage to all units surrounding
          and Rush pushes units back a tile. Unless your team is a bunch of
          weaklings, I don't see how these two will really do anything apart
          from HP damage.

          The Assassin IS a problem however. Shadowbind is annoying in itself
          as it Stops your units, but if she decides to use Last Breath 
          on you following a Shadowbind cast, expect instant KO. Aphonia
          Silences units, and Oblivion will Addle your units disallowing
          them to use A-Abilities. Finally, Lodion himself shouldn't provide
          much of a difficulty. Prominence, Tempest, and Freezeblink are 
          elemental Target All attacks. Wild Tornado is a Wind based Target
          All move, but it shouldn't deal more damage. 

          The real deal here is the Assassin. Shadowbind + Last Breath combos
          will constantly plague your team. Even worse, you are fighting in
          a Jagd so if you fail to revive your units, they are history. 
          Nevertheless, with the Assassin down, you should be able to win
          against the Dark Lord Lodion easily. 

     #31 Ruby Red ~
     =----------=
          Our family heirloom, the fiery ruby known as the "Dragon's Eye,"
          has been stolen. Please retrieve.
                                 ~ Viscount Rashie

          Type: Engagement
          Info Cost: 3300 Gil
          Location: Baguba Port
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #102 Wyrms Awaken. 
          Reward/s: 16000 Gil, Wyrmstone, 1x Random Item, 2x Random Cards
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     - 
          Available for: -

          Difficulty: Medium
          Enemies:    Archer
                      Hunter
                      Icedrake
                      Thundrake
                      Blue Mage
                      Beastmaster

          Well, here we are in Baguba Port. This enemy group is most 
          definitely the culprit. Bring in six units to combat the two Dragons
          along with the rest of the clan. You should preferably bring in
          Dragoons or any other anti-Dragon unit.
 
          Both Dragons may have high Weapon Attack, but their abilities are
          a bit lacking. Ice Breath and Bolt Breath can pose a few threats,
          but apart from that, without Mighty Guard or Dragon Force to boost
          their Weapon Attack, Weapon Defense, Magic Attack, and Magic 
          Resistance, you can easily find a way to take them out. 

          The Archer is no problem. Without Concentrate, simply Blinding him
          should stop him for the entirity of the battle. Cupid and Blackout
          might cause a few problems with Charm and Blind, but as long as you
          strike first, you can easily take him down. The other ranged
          attacker, the Hunter, is provided with Advice, Aim: Vitals, and 
          Addle. Disregard the last ability as it can only affect monsters of
          which you don't hold. 

          The Beastmaster not only is capable of controlling monsters (which
          in this battle's case would be useless), but he is also adept at
          White Mage techniques: Cura, Protect, and Shell. If you think that
          that might cause you some annoyance, take him out with a quick 
          strike. It would be best to take him down in one turn before he can
          heal himself along with others. The Blue Mage completes the set 
          along with being the most dangerous. Although the Dragons don't
          hold their special Might Guard/Dragon Force set, the Blue Mage does.
          Most likely, he will power up the Dragons so beware. Angel Whisper
          is another curing move, but it will also cast Auto-Life on his 
          allies. Not good. 

          Before you go crazy, you might want to focus on the most problematic
          of the enemy units. For me, that would be the Blue Mage. Watch your
          weaknesses and KO enemies as required. Keep in mind that an 
          Auto-Lifed, Mighty Guarded, and Dragon Forced Thundrake is no easy
          matter in terms of taking it down. This is an easy battle as long as
          you don't let your opponent take the advantage. 

     #32 Tower Ruins ~
     =-------------=
          Gaol, the knight of the amber eyes, was out with the moogle Lini
          when they heard tales of a red-armed fiend in the Koringwood.
                                 ~ "The Hero Gaol," Chapter 1

          Type: Engagement
          Info Cost: 2000 Gil
          Location: Koringwood
          Appears at: After receiving the Mission Item "The Hero Gaol."
          Reward/s: 0 Gil, 2x Random Items, 2x Random Cards
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     - 
          Available for: -

          Difficulty: Medium
          Enemies:    Bomb
                      Goblin
                      Marlboro
                      Firewyrm
                      Icedrake
  
          Following in the great Hero Gaol's footsteps, we find ourselves in
          the Koringwood facing off against the "red-armed" fiend that Gaol
          had fought. Along with that, you are also going against a few of 
          its friends. Get your battle routine set, and prepare to fight.

          The enemies consist of a Bomb, a Goblin, a Marlboro, a Firewyrm, 
          and finally, an Icedrake. All of them have fairly high Attack power,
          with an emphasis on the Firewyrm whose Attack power is in the 230s!
          The closest enemy to your starting position is a Goblin, who is 
          relatively weak and not too dangerous. If you can take out the 
          Goblin with a single hit, take it out on the first turn. If not, pass
          it by for the time being, and attack it later. For long-range units,
          aim at the Marlboro on the far side. It has Bad Breath, which 
          inflicts a bunch of ailments if it hits. Blue Mage users, I strongly
          suggest you pick that move up.

          This level is high on one side, with a sheer cliff dropping to 
          toward. If you have a Fighter with the ability, Rush, or a Defender
          with Tremor, you can push an enemy monster off this cliff for 
          incredible damage. Luckily, the Firewyrm starts down there, and has
          to climb up, so you should have to deal with it last without any 
          other monsters getting in your way. This is a difficult fight, but
          only if you don't come prepared. 

     #33 Battle In Aisen ~
     =-----------------=
          Gaol, himself one of the Aisen 13, was adventuring with Lini the
          moogle when they heard that Aisen Keep had been attacked!
                                 ~ "The Hero Gaol," Chapter 2

          Type: Engagement
          Info Cost: 2000 Gil
          Location: Aisenfield
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #32 Tower Ruins.  
          Reward/s: 0 Gil, 2x Random Items, 2x Random Cards
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     - 
          Available for: -

          Difficulty: Medium
          Enemies:    Fencer
                      Fighter
                      Dragoon
                      Archer x2
 
          Oh boy, here goes Chapter Two of the famous "The Hero Gaol." Anyhow,
          you find yourself at the Aisen Keep, and who else do you find but
          some members of the Aisen 13. They aren't too tough, so let's get
          to work.

          This battle works much like a normal clan battle. There really 
          aren't any redeeming qualities about any of these Aisen 13 members.
          The one with the most abilities would have to be the Fencer, who
          sports the typical Swarmstrike, Featherblow, and Piercethrough, but
          also Nighthawk, a special ranged move similar to the White Monk's 
          Air Render. For the Archers, you should know which one is more 
          annoying, and which is easier. The Viera is capable of Concentrate,
          which makes each of her shots accurate, and the Human really doesn't
          have anything other than Maintenance which prevents stealing.

          When you start to get to work, work your way against the Fighter and
          the Viera Archer. The rest can wait, as they aren't very dangerous.
          The Fighter does have mediocre Attack statistics so it should be 
          taken out quickly. The two Archers both become annoying if you allow
          them to stay alive more than five turns, so make sure they are 
          defeated quickly as well. This battle shouldn't prove too difficult
          for you. Defeat all enemies and complete Chapter 2 of "The Hero 
          Gaol." 

     #34 Magewyrm ~
     =----------=
          Gaol, wielder of the twin sword "Ayvuir," was out with Lini the
          moogle when they were asked to drive a magewyrm out of Delia.
                                 ~ "Ther Hero Gaol," Chapter 3

          Type: Engagement
          Info Cost: 3000 Gil
          Location: Eluut Sands
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #33 Battle In Aisen. 
          Reward/s: 0 Gil, 2x Random Items, 2x Random Cards
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     - 
          Available for: -

          Difficulty: Slightly Hard
          Enemies:    Bomb
                      Antlion
                      Firewyrm
                      Icedrake
                      Red Panther
                      Thundrake (Gerland)

          Chapter 3 of the "Hero Gaol" takes its setting in Delia Dunes. Your
          party will face off against a group of monsters and the Magewyrm,
          Gerland in a ominous temple-like arena (It may just be me, but the
          music seems WAY too happy for such a desolate place). These Dragons
          are no pushover so make sure you bring in strong units. 

          The main threats in this battle are the Dragons. Both the Bomb and
          the Antlion are nothing special. The Bomb might pose some problems
          with Blowup, but apart from that, it's almost completely harmless.
          Remember that Ice attacks are super-effective against the Bomb,
          but Fire attacks will simply be absorbed. For the Antlion, beware 
          of LV? Def-less only if your units have levels divisible by three.
          If not, you can pass it off.

          The Red Panther has nicely balanced Weapon Attack statistics. 
          Luckily, its abilities won't help its chances of surviving. Poison
          Claw deals damage and has a chance of Poisoning. Rend is basically
          a damaging move with some cool animation. 

          The Dragons are the main problem. You will most likely have some 
          trouble with their outstanding Weapon Attack stats. Don't let them
          get too close or trouble is bound to start. In terms of abilities,
          the Firewyrm has Guard-Off which breaks Defense and Resistance 
          along with Fire Breath. The Icedrake is capable of Mighty Guard of
          which raises an allies Defense and Resistance and Ice Breath. 
          Finally, the Magewyrm itself, Gerland, holds Dragon Force which
          increases Attack and Power and a powerful Bolt Breath technique.

          Before you begin with the elemental Black Mage (Or whatever) 
          spells. Remember that the element that a Dragon represents (Icewyrm
          = Ice, Firewyrm = Fire, Thundrake = Lightning) makes a difference.
          If you attempted a Blizzara against an Icedrake, you will deal no 
          damage because of elemental resistance. If you possibly can, Blind
          your opposition and the battle will become much, much easier. 
          Defeat all enemies and win the mission. 

     #35 Salika Keep ~
     =-------------=
          Gaol, lover of the moon maiden Evelyn, was out with Lini the
          moogle when the keeplord of Salika invited them... to die!
                                 ~ "The Hero Gaol," Chapter 4

          Type: Engagement
          Info Cost: 1700 Gil
          Location: Salikawood
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #34 Magewyrm. 
          Reward/s: 0 Gil, Ayvuir Red, 2x Random Cards
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     - 
          Available for: -

          Difficulty: Slightly Hard
          Enemies:    Time Mage
                      White Mage
                      Defender x2
                      Vampire (Lord Ghost)

          It seems that the keeplord of Salika Keep has come back as an Undead
          creature to challenge anyone that opposes him. Along with him are
          his guards and comrades. It may just be me, but these "Gaol" 
          missions really are becoming strange indeed. Bring in six units and
          make sure that one or two of them excels in Holy attacks.

          The two Defenders play a role as the Lord Ghost's guards. As guards,
          you might want to take them out first. The one on the right has two
          Defender techniques: Hibernate which cures status ailments and
          Mow Down of which deals surround damage at the cost of losing all
          Evade for the entire next turn. The Defender on the left has those
          two abilities along with Aura. This move casts Auto-Regen and Auto-
          Life on self so be sure that Defender doesn't have enough time to
          use it.
          
          The Moogle Time Mage is capable of Haste, Quicken, and Slow. Avoid
          having your already slow units getting Slowed even further as your
          progress can easily be stunted. A Hasted Lord Ghost isn't a good
          thing either. The White Mage on the Vampire's right doesn't really 
          do anything except for healing of course. However, if you Charm 
          him, he'll most likely use his Holy curing moves against the Vampire
          for HEAVY damage. If you possibly can, take advantage of that.

          The Lord Ghost himself is a generic Vampire sprite with exceptional
          Weapon Attack. Beware of LV? S-Flare if any of your units have the
          same one's digit as the Lord Ghost. If they do, he can use LV? S-
          Flare and heavily damage whoever. Miasma damages and Poisons while
          Zombify turns one of your units into a Zombie. The latter should
          most definitely be avoided at all costs.

          The Lord Ghost does have one weakness: Holy. Therefore, you will
          find that Paladins and White Mages will wreak havoc. However, do
          remember that Undead monsters always regenerate within three turns.
          If possible, leave the Vampire for last and pick off his allies
          to make the battle easier. 

     #36 Twin Swords ~
     =-------------=
          Seeing Gaol die horribly before his very eyes, Lini too his sword
          into the Eluut Sands to await the one worthy to wield it.
                                 ~ "The Hero Gaol," Epilogue

          Type: Engagement
          Info Cost: 3000 Gil
          Location: Eluut Sands
          Appears at: After receiving the Mission Item "The Hero Gaol." 
          Reward/s: 0 Gil, Ayvuir Blue, 1x Random Item
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   Combat/Lvl.10
          Req. Jobs:     - 
          Available for: -

          Difficulty: Slightly Hard
          Enemies:    Gunner
                      Animist
                      Time Mage
                      Black Mage
                      Mog Knight x2

          Entering into the Eluut Sands area, you find a group of Moogles of
          whom you must fight. Bring in your six units, and prepare yourself
          for a fight.
 
          You are up against six Moogle enemies, all of them fairly dangerous.
          Keep in careful mind of the Gunner, and the left Mog Knight. The 
          Gunner holds some status ailmenting shots (Charmshot, Blindshot, etc)
          but he also holds the S-Ability, Concentrate which allows him to 
          shoot from any angle with grim accuracy. You will want to take him
          as soon as possible. Second, the more powerful of the two Mog Knights
          also holds certain Gunmanship abilities along with an Attack power
          of 200!

          The Time Mage isn't dangerous, but it should also be priorized to
          make the battle much easier. The Animist isn't dangerous, but can
          be a problem as it likes to help his allies with Cuisine which 
          restores HP back to 100%. The Black Mage should not be bothered
          with at all, until all the more dangerous enemies are defeated. 
    
          A ranged attacker would be smart here. Send your long-range unit 
          toward the Gunner. Follow up with a few physical units against both
          of the Mog Knights. Before concentrating on any of the other 
          opposition, the Gunner and one or two of the Mog Knights should be
          down and out. Following, take out the Time Mage, then the Animist,
          and finally, the Black Mage. If you take them out in that order, you
          should win it. 

     #37 Village Hunt ~
     =--------------=
          Participants wanted for a survey of the Eluut Sands. We will cross
          Antlion nests to find a legendary Moogle's hidden village. 
                                 ~ Barba, Junior Researcher

          Type: Engagement
          Info Cost: 600 Gil
          Location: Eluut Sands
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #3 The Cheetahs. 
          Reward/s: 4200 Gil, 1x Random Item
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     - 
          Available for: -

          Difficulty: Medium
          Enemies:    Coeurl
                      Goblin
                      Antlion x3

          While on our search for the hidden Moogle village, Marche stumbles
          across what appears to be an Antlions nest... obviously judging by
          the high number of them ahead of us. Anyhow, prepare yourself for
          battle... again.

          The main difficulty here is the Coeurl. It's Attack Power is rather
          high, so it can usually take a unit out within two turns if you 
          choose not to heal. Therefore, healing Potions and Hi-Potions are
          recommended here. A few Pheonix Downs couldn't hurt either. Beware 
          of the Antlion's ability, Counter. Long-range units are practical 
          here, as they make defeating the Coeurl much easier. Leave the Goblin
          for last as it lacks any real ability, thus making it not that big
          of a threat.
                      
          Keep your units alive and heal if necessary. With defeating all the
          monsters here, you have cleared the Antlion nest and seem to have
          found the legendary Moogle village... No matter, you finish the 
          mission!

     #38 Fire! Fire! ~
     =-------------=
          [Breaking News]
          Fire on Grasgreen Street! Need help to quence the spreading blaze.
                                 ~ Cyril Fire Chief

          Type: Engagement
          Info Cost: 600 Gil
          Location: Cyril
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #1 Herb Picking. 
          Reward/s: 3600 Gil, Sprinkler, 1x Random Item
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     - 
          Available for: 10 Days

          Difficulty: Medium
          Enemies:    Bomb x4

          If you are a newbie at this game, this mission might cause some
          problems. After all, it is one of the first missions. Anyhow, you
          shouldn't have "too" much trouble with these Bombs.

          The mission starts off with you on a lower area. The Bombs are 
          scattered throughout. Since Fire is weak to Ice, just use a Black
          Mage's Blizzard attacks to put them out quickly. Fire attacks are
          not useful as they simply replenish the Bomb's health. You will have
          to keep in mind that the Bomb's are capable of healing each other
          with their "Flame Attacks." If they use that move against you, 
          prepare them for some hurt. Take them out as quickly as possible to
          avoid getting too deep into the battle. The faster you cut the 
          battle, the better. 

     #39 The Wanderer ~
     =--------------=
          The body of a viera was found last night with several knife
          wounds. Anyone with information should contact us.
                                 ~ Meiral, Palace Guard

          Type: Engagement
          Info Cost: 2400 Gil
          Location: Muscadet
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #15 Scouring Time. Muscadet
                      Pub only. 
          Reward/s: 11400 Gil, Tonberrian, 1x Random Item, 2x Random Cards
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     - 
          Available for: -

          Difficulty: Slightly Hard
          Enemies:    Tonberry x2
                      Masterberry
 
          It seems the sleek and silent Tonberries have committed yet another
          crime. Head to Muscadet and engage. Your enemies consist of a 
          group of three. Two Tonberries and a single Masterberry make up
          your enemy force. This isn't your average monster battle so be
          careful with whom you choose.

          The two Tonberries are nothing you haven't seen yet. The main 
          problem is the fact that they don't actually attack, rather, they
          use the Knife attack which cuts out 9/10 of your health right off
          the bat. Karma is a strange move. It deals damage for each unit 
          that the target has KOed. You will want to watch out for that
          especially. The Masterberry is the spawn of all the main problems. 
          Knife is the original "cut-out-9/10-HP" attack, but replacing Karma 
          is Voodoo which basically Dooms its target. I'm sure you don't want 
          that to happen. 
     
          There is one weakness that all Tonberries hold; they have sucky
          Move stats. Although their Speed statistics rock the house, they
          can only move two tiles at a time which you can definitely use to 
          your advantage. Use long-range units or magic-casters to take these
          Tonberries out from a distance. Defeat all of them to complete the
          mystery. 

     #40 Battle Tourney ~
     =----------------=
          Battle tourney to be held at Bervenia Palace! Who will gain the
          honor of victory? [Note] Special laws will be in effect.
                                 ~ Bervenia Events Office

          Type: Engagement
          Info Cost: 800 Gil
          Location: Bervenia Palace
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #20 Present Day. Kingmoon
                      only. 
          Reward/s: 7000 Gil, Sequence, 1x Random Item, Secret Item (1x Random
                    Card)
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     - 
          Available for: 15 Days

          Difficulty: Medium
          Enemies:    Sage
                      Paladin
                      Dragoon
                      Defender
                      Illusionist

          The purpose here is simple. Your objective is to defeat your 
          opponent in a dead-heat battle. It is going to be your five versus
          your enemy's five. Once you are ready, begin the battle and let 
          this game begin. Your opponent has laid out their units 
          strategically. The strongest is in the center with the first line 
          made up of physical units. The weaker magic-casters are placed 
          behind the offensive line. Because of the fact that you both start 
          really close to each other, whoever takes the first turn usually 
          inflicts the first strike. 

          The Dragoon is in the middle. Being a Dragoon, he is capable of the
          three "Breath" attacks as well as the Templar Warcry. Don't try to
          fight him at point blank or else Strikeback will get the best of 
          you. The nearby Defender holds Tremor, Drop Weapon, and Aura. Again,
          he also holds the Templar Warcry. The Paladin is very ineffectuous
          in terms of abilities as he is only capable of Defense and some
          White Mage healing techniques. Nevertheless, his Weapon Attack can
          still pack a punch if you aren't careful. I'd suggest taking him
          down early so he can't heal. The magic units consist of an 
          Illusionist and a Sage. The latter poses quite a problem with Giga 
          Flare and Bio. 

          I choose to tackle this mission by defeating the Paladin first to
          destroy their chances of healing. Following, I usually take down the
          magic-casters leaving only the remaining physical units to fend 
          for themselves. By this point, the battle is already won. The reward
          for this battle, the Sequence, is a very special weapon. Everytime
          you win it again and again, its Weapon Attack statistics increase 
          by one. If you are patient, you will eventually have the most 
          powerful weapon in the game. 

     #41 Mage Tourney ~
     =--------------=
          Mage tourney to be held at Bervenia Palace! Join in the battle
          for magical supremacy! [Note] Special laws will be in effect.

          Type: Engagement
          Info Cost: 800 Gil
          Location: Bervenia Palace
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #20 Present Day. Madmoon
                      only. 
          Reward/s: 7000 Gil, Sapere Aude, 1x Random Item, Secret Item (1x 
                    Random Card)
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     - 
          Available for: 15 Days

          Difficulty: Medium
          Enemies:    Red Mage
                      Blue Mage
                      White Mage
                      Black Mage

          Because this is a Mage Tourney, all physical attacks will be 
          penalized. The set laws for this tournament are based off of 
          Color Magic. If you do not use Color Magic for every turn, you will
          be given a Yellow Card. You know what to do. If you don't have up to
          four magic units, this battle might be tough as any other units 
          cannot be used. Your enemies consist of the four Color Mages. They 
          consist of the Viera Red Mage, the Human Blue Mage, the Nu Mou White 
          Mage, and the Moogle Black Mage.

          First on the lineup is the Red Mage (Although she isn't really Red
          in color). Notice that her Thunder Robe nullifies Lightning strikes.
          Therefore, avoid using Lightning against her. Her magic spell lineup
          is simple, but Doublecast makes sure that two spells in a row will
          pack you a punch. The nearby Blue Mage is less of a threat, but he
          can still be a nuisance. Luckily, he lacks some of the higher end
          Blue Magic spells such as Bad Breath. Don't group your units 
          together or you will be victimized by Twister.

          The Moogle Black Mage is the offensive unit of this group. Luckily,
          he only knows spells up to the "-ara" suffix of elemental attacks.
          Even so, with Magic Power at 294, expect to be hurt anyway. Return
          Magic will slingshot a spell back at caster so beware. Finally, the
          White Mage provides support through healing with Cura, reviving 
          with Life, and casting both Protect and Shell. 

          Anyway, to win this battle, you need sheer power over strategy. 
          Because you can really differentiate your units too much, don't
          expect too many possibilities. I'd suggest just leveling up until
          your Magic Power beats their's. Upon defeating this group of four,
          you will receive the Sapere Aude. Everytime this mission repeats 
          itself, you have the opportunity to win it again. For every battle
          that you win it again, the Magic Power goes up by one. Level up the
          Sapere Aude to make it powerful. 

     #42 Swimming Meet ~
     =---------------=
          Swimming tourney to be held at Bervenia Palace! Who will be the
          speediest in Ivalice? [Note] Special laws will be in effect.
                                 ~ Bervenia Events Office

          Type: Engagement
          Info Cost: 800 Gil
          Location: Bervenia Palace
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #20 Present Day. Huntmoon
                      only. 
          Reward/s: 7000 Gil, Acadia Hat, 1x Random Item, Secret Item (1x 
                    Random Card)
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     - 
          Available for: 15 Days

          Difficulty: Medium
          Enemies:    Archer
                      Dragoon
                      Gladiator
                      White Mage
 
          Swimming, huh? For this tournament, you appear in an arena filled
          with water. The objective is to defeat the other team while you
          transcend the water. Keep in mind that stepping into water disallows
          a unit from performing any actions. Therefore, you should use units
          holding Feather Boots as they can just walk over the water! Also,
          don't bring an unit with Galmia Shoes. That's just stupid.

          Luckily, your opponents have the same disadvantage. However, they 
          will be diligent in taking you down. The Archer is the only ranged
          attacker so she will most likely be your biggest problem. Aim: Legs
          can Immobilize you (Not good if you are in the water without Feather
          Boots), Cupid Charms one of your units, and Take Aim is a 100% aimed
          shot. Also, that Archer is capable of Doubleshot and Concentrate 
          which can be particularly annoying. The Dragoon is well-suited for 
          this environment. Jump is a ranged attack which he can use from one 
          of the many islands scattered through this arena. Lancet drains HP 
          if he is ever critical. Don't allow him to use Cheer followed by a 
          Jump. The HP damage would be devastating. 

          The Bangaa Gladiator nearby holds Wild Swing which damages 
          surrounding units and Ice Sword which strikes his opponent with a 
          magical Spellblade. Air Render is a ranged attack and Earth Render 
          deals damage to all units in front of him. If you want to keep your 
          enemies down, the White Mage really needs to be taken out. She is an 
          able healer with Curaga. Esuna heals status and Shell casts a magic-
          resistant barrier around one of her allies. Even worse, she can 
          summon Unicorn to heal HP or Kirin which casts Auto-Regen. 

          As stated before, Feather Boots can make the battle much easier. 
          Since your opponents don't use them, they will have to rely on the
          islands scattered throughout to attack you. I'd strongly suggest 
          taking the central island so your opponents will have few areas to
          attack you from. Once you occupy the central island, you can just
          take down the foe from there. If possible, Immobilize enemy units
          in the water so they can't use actions. 

          Beating this mission will win you the Acadia Hat. When this mission
          repeats itself, you have the opportunity to win it again. Every time
          you re-win the Acadia Hat, i's Magic Resistance goes up by one. 
          If you constantly re-win it, its Resistance will go through the 
          roof. 

     #43 Clan League ~
     =-------------=
          Clan League finals to be held in the Bervenia Palace courtyard! See
          the favorites, the Brown Rabbits, go agains Clan [Your Clan Name]. 
          [Special laws in effect.]
                                 ~ Bervenia Events Office

          Type: Engagement
          Info Cost: 3000 Gil
          Location: Bervenia Palace
          Appears at: After completion of side-mission engagements with
                      Brown Rabbits, Blue Genius, Yellow Powerz, and the
                      White Kupos. 
          Reward/s: 22600 Gil, Peytral, 1x Random Item, 1x Random Card
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     - 
          Available for: 25 Days

          Difficulty: Slightly Hard
          Enemies:    Assassin
                      Summoner
                      Elementalist
                      Sniper (Villi)

          If you are confused at when this mission will appear, know that you
          must first engage with a number of Encounters that occur beforehand.
          Defeat the Brown Rabbits, Blue Genius, Yellow Powerz, and the White
          Kupos without surrendering once. Once they are all defeated, the
          final Clan League will appear at the Pub. Accept that and prepare 
          for battle in the Bervenia Palace courtyard. 

          It's 4 vs 4 in a dead-heat battle. There are no laws to restrict
          anything so be sure to take advantage of that. You are up against
          Viera that are fairly tough. Be sure to especially take caution
          around the Assassin. Alone, she would be a threat, but with three
          other units with her and Concentrate learned, the Assassin is even
          more of a threat. Last Breath (Instant KO) will easily put you out 
          of commission so do your best to avoid that. Likewise, avoid 
          Nightmare (Sleep and Doom) as well. 

          The two magic-casters of the group are the Summoner and an
          Elementalist. A lot of caution should be taken around the latter.
          The Elementalist is capable of Shining Air of which deals Wind 
          damage and Blinds at the same time, Evil Gaze which does Dark damage
          with a chance of Confusing, Heavy Dust, an Earth move that can 
          Immobilize, and Sliprain the Water elemental spell that can Slow
          your units. You might have a little difficulty with some of the
          Summoner's spells. With Red Magic, she can also put your units to
          Sleep along with Poisoning them. I'd suggest simply Silencing both
          to keep them out of play for a few turns.

          The boss, and the real objective here is Villi the Sniper. 
          Basically, if you are able to take her down, the mission is over.
          However, as a Sniper, she might be a bit difficult. With high Weapon
          Attack, be sure that all arrows against you will deal heavy damage.
          Doubleshot shoots two weakened arrows simaltaneously. Beso Toxico
          deals damage while Poisoning at the same time and Death Sickle 
          inflicts Doom status. Doom Archer can pose a problem if Villi is at
          low health as it deals amount of lost HP in damage. Protect yourself
          from Aim: Weapon as it can destroy your weapon (obviously).

          If you don't need the experience, just send all four of your units
          on a collision-course with the Sniper. If you are diligent, you 
          should take her down within a single turn. However, try not to drag
          on the battle too long as the Assassin will surely be a problem with
          her abilities. Take any approach you'd like, but defeat Villi in the
          end to win the Clan League!

     #44 Snow in Lutia ~
     =---------------=
          Would you please take my children to play in the snow on Lutia Pass?
          I'll make you lunch! Please watch out for monsters.
                                 ~ Auntie Larsu

          Type: Engagement
          Info Cost: 600 Gil
          Location: Lutia Pass
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #1 Herb Picking. 
          Reward/s: 3600 Gil, 1x Random Item
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     - 
          Available for: -

          Difficulty: Slightly Hard
          Enemies:    Goblin
                      Red Panther x2

          This battle isn't as easy as it sounds. This will probably be your
          first encounter with the Panthers, one of the more powerful monster
          classes.

          You start off in Lutia Pass obviously. The three targets are right
          ahead of you. All three are powerful and have heavy defense. You will
          need magic or powerful strikes from a weapon to defeat them all. 
          A White Mage is a must and some Pheonix Downs really couldn't hurt.
          Focus on taking out the Red Panthers first as they have the highest
          Attack and Defense statistics. The Goblin is easier, but should also
          be attacked with caution. 

     #45 Frosty Mage ~
     =-------------= 
          I saw a bad wizard doing something up in the snow mountains. He's up
          to no good, I know it! He was making all this ice!
                                 ~ Laudy, Shopkeeper's Son

          Type: Engagement
          Info Cost: 600 Gil
          Location: Lutia Pass
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #44 Snow in Lutia. 
          Reward/s: 4000 Gil, 2x Random Items
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     - 
          Available for: -

          Difficulty: Slightly Hard
          Enemies:    Floateye
                      Red Panther x2
                      Black Mage (Gelato)

          This is a fairly easy battle if you know what you are doing. You are
          up against three monsters and a Black Mage which is pretty powerful.
          However, if you destroy both of the Magic Devices (The shimmering 
          blue objects), the mission is over. Therefore, a ranged attacker is 
          a good idea. 

          If you have a Gunner this early on, you are lucky as these Magic 
          Devices cannot evade. An Archer or similar would do fine, though, 
          they do have a lesser range. Anyhow, the Floateye along with the 
          Black Mage, Gelato, both should be prioritized. The Red Panthers 
          are dangerous, but they don't pose as big as a threat as the other 
          two. If you can keep a constant blow from a long-range unit to the
          two Magic Devices, you should be fine. Have your long-range unit 
          pound away at those two objects while the rest of your party tries to
          keep that unit alive. Defeat Gelato is optional, but I'd suggest
          taking him out to make the battle easier.

          Because of Gelato's incredibly high level, a White Mage is only 
          practical. Try to station the White Mage so that its in range of
          your long-range unit, and the rest of your party. Therefore, you can
          heal both groups without much problem. When both Magic Devices are
          obliverated, the mission is yours. 

     #46 Prof in Trouble ~
     =-----------------= 
          Please find Prefessor Auggie. He's been gone to the Lutia Pass for
          three days now. Maybe he's lost, or buried in an avalanche!
                                 ~ Dag, Research Assistant

          Type: Engagement
          Info Cost: 900 Gil
          Location: Lutia Pass
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #44 Snow in Lutia. 
          Reward/s: 4000 Gil, Gedegg Soup
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     - 
          Available for: 25 Days

          Difficulty: Slightly Hard
          Enemies:    Ice Flan x2
                      Zombie x2 (Colin, Lyle, Guinness)

          This may very well be your first encounter with the Undead type of
          monster. This battle is difficult, but if you know what you are 
          doing, it will flow through. First off, Zombies are defeatable but
          they will regenerate after three turns. This may pose a problem.

          Also on the playing field are two Ice Flans. A Black Mage is REQUIRED
          here, unless you happen to have another magic casting unit. I'd
          suggest you focus on those pesky Ice Flans first as they can cast
          Blizzard attacks against you which causes a whole lot of damage. 
          Be sure that you keep that Sage, Auggie, alive or else you lose it. 
          Leave the Zombies for last as they can regenerate. To defeat the
          three Zombies, try to take them all out at the same time within a 
          turn. If one regenerates, you will have to defeat it all over again,
          which is not good. Kill all enemy units and the mission is yours.
        
          By the way, if you haven't noticed by now, the three Zombies are 
          named after the bullies at your school; Colin, Lyle, and Guinness.
          Looks as if they met a pretty gruesome fate if you know what I mean!

     #47 Hot Recipe ~
     =------------=
          I need to make a super hot dish to compete with the restaurant across
          the street! Please get the "stuff" at Roda Volcano.
                                 ~ Rolana, The Chocobo's Kweh

          Type: Engagement
          Info Cost: 1000 Gil
          Location: Roda Volcano
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #7 Diamond Rain.  
          Reward/s: 7000 Gil, Gedegg Soup, 1x Random Item, 2x Random Cards
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     - 
          Available for: 25 Days

          Difficulty: Medium
          Enemies:    Bomb x3
                      Firewyrm x2

          You walk into the Roda Volcano area and note a bunch of monsters up
          ahead. Bring in six units, and prepare to engage against three Bombs
          and two Firewyrms. Despite their intimidating looks however, they 
          shouldn't prove too much of a problem.

          The Firewyrms have attacks in the 200-units, so you might want to 
          watch out. The Bombs are just your standard issue, so unless they
          really annoy you, you can defeat them later. Apart from the 
          occasional Fire Breath from one of the Firewyrms, you won't really
          be seeing any ultra-powerful attacks. 
 
          The closest enemy to you is a Firewyrm. Focus all your attacks on
          it before attempting to take out the others. The next target should
          preferably be the other Firewyrm, but if it's currently out of range,
          knock out a Bomb or two. Once both Firewyrms are snuffed out, you
          won't get much more opposition or have any difficulty whatsoever,
          unless a Bomb happens to use its Blowup ability against you. Defeat
          all the monsters and win the mission. 

     #48 S.O.S. ~
     =--------=
          Emergency flares in the pattern green-red-green were spotted over
          the Koringwood. Clan Ritz is in trouble! Please assist.
                                 ~ Clan Center

          Type: Engagement
          Info Cost: 1500 Gil
          Location: Koringwood
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #8 Hot Awakening.   
          Reward/s: 7800 Gil, Secret Item (Topaz Armring), 1x Random Item, 2x
                    Random Cards
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   Tracking/Lvl.7
          Req. Jobs:     - 
          Available for: 15 Days

          Difficulty: Easy
          Enemies:    Juggler
                      Sprite x2
                      Zombie x2

          Well, it looks like Clan Ritz needs our help! Head over to the 
          Koringwood to find Ritz and Shara cornered by some monsters and a 
          Juggler. You start off in the southeastern corner, while Ritz and
          Shara are at the western section. 

          You are allowed two more members in addition to Marche. Luckily, 
          that's all that's really required. With the help of Ritz and Shara,
          of who are both at very high levels, you should have no problem. 
          In fact, it's difficult to even try to lose. 

          You might want to focus on the Sprites first. They hold the White
          Wind healing ability which can become an annoyance. Following, be
          sure to take out the Juggler as well to avoid his arsenal of 
          abilities. You will want to watch out especially for Ring and Ball.

          Defeat all enemies to win the battle, and save Ritz and Shara. 

     #49 A Lost Ring ~
     =-------------=
          I dropped my ring in the Ulei River! It was a gift from by beau...
          Please find it before he finds out I lost it! 
                                 ~ Clea, the Ice Cream Man's Girl

          Type: Engagement
          Info Cost: 600 Gil
          Location: Ulei River
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #3 Desert Peril.   
          Reward/s: 5200 Gil, 2x Random Items
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     - 
          Available for: 15 Days

          Difficulty: Medium
          Enemies:    Goblin
                      Sprite
                      Lilith
                      Lamia x2

          So you step into the Ulei River area and notice that monsters have
          decided to make their presence known. Well, we better find that ring
          even if getting to it means a little engagement.

          All monster fights thus far have probably been easy. Well, this 
          isn't. The Goblin is the least important monster here. Focus the
          majority of your attacks on the single Lilith as it holds incredible
          Attack Power and is a nuisance overall. However, the single Lilith
          is at the rear of the level so you won't need to attack her first.
          The Sprite becomes annoying, especially with its White Wind healing
          move. Luckily, it's exceptionally weak so you should take that out.
 
          The key to this mission would be to take out the Lilith quickly as
          explained. With her out of the way, you won't have to comprehend with
          Poison, Charm, Doom, or Frog status ailments. Defeat every monster to
          find the ring we are in search of as well as completing this not-so-
          easy mission. 
          
     #50 Staring Eyes ~
     =--------------= 
          I found out who's got the Ahriman eye, and he's a real bad egg. Seem
          he's making the Ahriman chase after girls in Cyril.
                                 ~ Bran, Streetear

          Type: Engagement
          Info Cost: 600 Gil
          Location: Cyril
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #113 Watching You.   
          Reward/s: 4600 Gil, Vesper, 1x Random Item
          Req. Items:    Ahriman Eye
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     - 
          Available for: 25 Days

          Difficulty: Easy
          Enemies:    Floateye x2
                      Ahriman
                      Beastmaster
 
          Let's get the lowdown on the battle field. You are up against two
          Floateyes along with a more powerful red version known as the 
          Ahriman. The Beastmaster may appear useless, but he is capable of
          White Magic just as well. 

          The first enemy you might want to take care of would be the Ahriman.
          It has high attack power and can easily put your units into the 
          critical zone. Beware of the Floateye and Ahriman abilities Stare
          and Circle. The Beastmaster can heal his monsters, but he can't
          attack too well so focus on the Floateyes. It's just a normal battle
          after the Ahriman is killed off. One thing to remember however, do 
          not attempt to surround a Floateye in an attempt to flank it. 
          Floateyes can fly (Well, judging by their wings) right over your
          units. 

          Just cut away at everyone's health and you should be fine. This is 
          no difficult battle no matter what level you are at. If any of your
          units faint or get hurt, items always work. 

     #51 Desert Rose ~
     =-------------=
          Three days' walk into the Gotor Sands I found a beautiful rose by
          an oasis. Yet it soon wilted... If only I'd had a vase. 
                                 ~ Delman, Pub Customer

          Type: Engagement
          Info Cost: 1800 Gil
          Location: Gotor Sands
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #16 The Big Find.  
          Reward/s: 0 Gil, Blue Rose, 1x Random Item, 2x Random Cards
          Req. Items:    Flower Vase
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     - 
          Available for: 15 Days

          Difficulty: Medium
          Enemies:    Sprite
                      Jawbreaker
                      Antlion x2
                      Red Panther x2

          For the Desert Rose mission, you are to find a special flower near
          an oasis. Obviously, seeing as this is an engagement mission, we run
          into some monster opposition. Bring in your standard set of units
          and prepare for battle.

          Your initial Antlions aren't the greatest threat in this battle.
          LV3 Def-less is a 100% accuracy Defense and Resistance breaker which
          can only affect units with levels divisible by three. Sandstorm is
          the standard surround move which Blinds and damages. For the 
          Jawbreaker, you will note both LV3 Def-less and LV5 Death. The latter
          is an automatic KO for all units with levels divisible by five. Mark
          my words, don't bring in units with levels divisible by five. That's
          just stupid.

          The Sprite can provide some problems with the heavy damage Meteorite
          attack. The last of the monsters here include two Red Panthers. 
          Poison Claw is simple enough to understand. Just try to avoid getting
          Poisoned yourself. Rend is basically an attack with no side effects,
          and Reveal can locate invisible units such as Concealed Snipers. 
          Beware of their high Attack stats.

          Focus on the Antlions and Jawbreakers. You should also send a 
          single unit against the Sprite as it has low Weapon Defense, and 
          you don't want it raining meteorites on your units. The Red Panthers,
          although intimidating, shouldn't provide much of a problem. Like
          most battles, defeat all monsters to win this battle as well as the
          mission. 

     #52 Friend Trouble ~
     =----------------=
          Arr, them mountain beasts have been coming down to the lowlands of
          late, and one took a bite out of me! Find me a good hunter!
                                 ~ Cheney, Hunter

          Type: Engagement
          Info Cost: 1800 Gil
          Location: Kudik Peaks
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #12 Jagd Hunt.  
          Reward/s: 9000 Gil, 2x Random Items, 2x Random Cards
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     - 
          Available for: 25 Days

          Difficulty: Easy
          Enemies:    Cream
                      Coeurl
                      Red Panther x3

          Here we are with Mission #52, yet another monster battle with some
          simple monsters. Bring in your six units to the battlefield and
          engage against three Red Panthers, a Cream, and a Coeurl.

          This battle should be no trouble considering that you should now be
          able to rip these monsters to shreds. You won't have too much trouble
          with the Red Panthers, except for perhaps Poison Claw. The Coeurl
          has a higher Weapon Attack, and Hastebreak, which either Slows your
          units, or breaks any Haste casted on them. Finally, the most 
          difficult enemy here, the Cream holds Thundara, Acid, and a self-KO
          healing move, Sacrifice.

          The order in which you defeat these monsters doesn't really affect
          anything. Because the Cream is only affected by magic, you might want
          to zap it with a quick shot of some Fire/Ice elemental attack. The
          Red Panthers and Coeurls should fall easily beneath your very blade
          and crumble on the floor. 

     #53 Flesh & Bones ~
     =---------------=
          There's a shop called the "Flesh & Bones" that buys poachers' 
          catches at good prices. Just say you're on street patrol and drop in.
                                 ~  Gayle, Baguba Streetear

          Type: Engagement
          Info Cost: 3600 Gil
          Location: Baguba Port
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #105 Smuggle Bust. 
          Reward/s: 18000 Gil, Tiger Hide, 1x Random Item, 2x Random Cards
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     - 
          Available for: 25 Days

          Difficulty: Slightly Hard
          Enemies:    Gunner
                      Archer
                      Thief x2
                      Hunter x2

          I guess it's time again to teach these low-lifes that poaching is
          bad. Here at the Baguba Port, you are up against a group of enemies
          who are willing to use all means necessary to escape the wrath of
          the law. However, even low-lifes know how to defend themselves. 
          Bring in six units you can trust and start the battle.

          Apart from the two Thieves, your enemies are long-range units. You
          should be sure to bring in some long-range units of your own to 
          counteract them. Anyhow, the closest opponent is a Human Thief. 
          His Steal abilities won't deal too much of a threat, but Double
          Sword is deadly. Holding two Knives, that Thief can get two strikes
          in. His other Ninja Skill is Oblivion which Addles your units 
          disabling Action Abilities.

          The other Thief, a Moogle, is more of a utility unit than an all-
          out attacking unit. In terms of Steal abilities, you won't really
          take too much trouble from Steal: Shield, Steal: Access., Steal:
          Helm, and Steal: Gil. However, the two Juggler techniques he owns
          can pose a problem. Dagger damages and Disables, and Smile 
          automatically gives an ally the next turn.

          There are also two Hunters on the bandwagon. Their Weapon Attack is
          in the 290s so you might want to be a bit careful. Sonic Boom is a 
          radius-damage attack which can demolish your team if you group them
          together. Aim: Vitals inflicts a random status ailment and Addle
          disables your unit in terms of A-Ability. You might also want to 
          watch out for Battle Tech which consists of Powerbreak, Mindbreak,
          Magicbreak, and Speedbreak. Fighter Tech consists of Rush, Beatdown,
          and Blitz.

          All Gunners are annoying. Especially those with Concentrate 
          equipped. To your luck, the Gunner of this battle happens to have
          Concentrate along with almost every Gunmanship technique (Exception
          goes to Iceshot, Fireshot, and Boltshot). Yep, that means the 
          three big ones: Charmshot, Confushot, and Stopshot. The Archer on
          the other hand is less of a threat, but still can be dangerous. 
          Concentrate is still equipped, and in addition to some simple Aim
          abilities, certain Assassin techniques also make appearance. Aphonia
          Silences, Nightmare Sleeps and Dooms, and Ague Slows her target.

          It might be a bit difficult to start off here. Every unit has its
          ups. However, if you know what your weaknesses are right off the bat,
          then you should know who to attack first. If you think your team
          will crumble once your Paladin (or some other high-powered unit
          is Charmed), you might want to deal with the Archer and Gunner 
          threats first. Likewise, if you rely on weak magic units, you might 
          want to take out the Thieves and Hunters. 

     #54 For A Song ~
     =------------=
          There's a song I wish to sing to an old friend. Can you come find 
          her with me? She lives in the Materiwood.
                                 ~ Leanan, Inn Songstress

          Type: Engagement
          Info Cost: 3000 Gil
          Location: Materiwood
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #18 Quiet Sands.  
          Reward/s: 16000 Gil, Trichord, 1x Random Item, 2x Random Cards
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     - 
          Available for: 25 Days

          Difficulty: Medium
          Enemies:    Sprite
                      Titania
                      Malboro
                      Firewyrm
                      Red Panther
 
          In the Materiwood, you locate Leanan the Summoner, but she's in a 
          bit of trouble. Luckily, we arrived in the nick of the time. Let's
          go and knock these monsters out. Bring in a few, trusted units and
          begin the battle.

          Many people have trouble with this mission because of the fact that
          Leanan starts so close to the monsters. If your units aren't quick
          enough to stop them, Leanan will most likely fall pretty fast. Once
          she is KOed the battle is basically over. Therefore, take necessary
          precautions. You can use a Paladin's Cover to take damage for her
          or use a White Mage to cast Auto-Life on her. 

          If you saved Leanan and kept her alive for the first turn, the 
          battle is easy going from this point forward. The Firewyrm will 
          probably be your biggest problem. Guard-Off knocks down Defense and
          Resistance and Fire Breath is particularly damaging. With Weapon
          Attack in the 300s, you might have a bit of trouble around this 
          Firewyrm. Second in terms of overall toughness is the Red Panther.
          Beware of Poison Claw as it (obviously) Poisons.

          The Titania might pose a threat, but only if the day of months play
          against you. LV?D Holy deals damage to units with the same level as
          the day of month. As long as the day of month doesn't match any of
          your units' levels, you should be fine. The Sprite is less of a 
          danger, but Meteorite can still deal some damage. Finally, the 
          Malboro can wreak havoc if its Bad Breath attack lands a hit. Make
          sure that doesn't happen.

          Again, if you saved and kept Leanan alive for the first turn, the
          rest of the battle should be smooth sailing. However, do not let
          Leanan get KOed even afterwards. The Firewyrm is not affected by
          Fire attacks so don't even try it. You might want to target the
          Titania as it holds Angel Whisper which is capable of healing both
          HP and casting Auto-Life on one of its allies. Don't let that happen
          and take that Titania out as quickly as possible. 
               
     #55 White Flowers ~
     =---------------=
          Please bring me some of the flowers I planted on the Giza Plains. 
          They're the only way to cheer my sister up since mom died.
                                 ~ Temil, Town Youth

          Type: Engagement
          Info Cost: 200 Gil
          Location: Giza Plains
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #3 The Cheetahs.  
          Reward/s: 1600 Gil, White Flowers, 1x Random Item
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     - 
          Available for: 25 Days

          Difficulty: Easy
          Enemies:    Antlion x3
                      Goblin
                      Red Cap

          This mission is fairly easy as by now, you should already have had
          enough experience with engagement. Not only that, but your clan 
          should be well-rounded and experienced enough to take these butt ugly
          creatures as well.

          Apart from the Red Cap which might cause some problems, these 
          monsters should be a piece of cake. Magic users should beware of the
          Red Cap's Magic Hammer ability which pulls off quite a bit of MP 
          with each strike. The key here is to end the battle quickly. Do that
          by sending two physical units at the Red Cap and the having the 
          remaining units each take a monster of their own. If you do that, 
          the battle should end quickly. Monsters don't have that great of 
          Speed stats so you should be able to take a few out within the first
          turn. Tear away and win this easy battle. 

     #56 New Antilaw ~
     =-------------=
          Inspiration has struck! Fetch me some amber from the Siena Gorge -- 
          I'll need it to make my new, super-powerful antilaw!
                                 ~ Ezel

          Type: Engagement
          Info Cost: 5000 Gil
          Location: Siena Gorge
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #23 Over The Hill. Gossip 
                      with Ezel at Cadoan Card Keeper. 
          Reward/s: 34000 Gil, Amber, 1x Random Item, Allmighty Card
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     - 
          Available for: -

          Difficulty: Slightly Hard
          Enemies:    Ninja
                      Gunner
                      Sniper
                      Defender
                      Red Mage
                      Time Mage

          Siena Gorge is haven to many clans. While searching for Amber in
          the Siena Gorge, you come come across a group of enemies. Their 
          intentions appear hostile, so we might as well engage. However, this
          battle can become tough so make sure your clan is well-rounded
          and ready to fight.

          First off, the Human Ninja commands his position. As a well-leveled
          Ninja, he might pose a problem at the beginning of the battle. 
          Double Sword allows him to deal heavy damage by swinging two Katanas
          at your face. Along with that, he is also capable of casting a 
          number of "Veil" spells. Specifically, Fire, Wood, Earth, Wood, and
          Metal will all make their appearance. The status ailments connected
          to each one are particularly troublesome.

          The Moogle Gunner can prove to be some difficulty, but it won't
          cause too many problems. The lack of Concentrate makes it so that
          attacks against you won't have insanely high accuracy percentiles.
          The nearby Sniper will be much more threatening however with a 
          larger ability line-up. Doom Archer and Aim: Weapon can both be 
          troublesome. For that, I'd suggest Blinding her. Aim: Armor can 
          also be a problem if it lands a hit. 

          The physical unit of this group is a Bangaa Defender. As a Defender,
          his Speed statistics are as low as anything. You can even further
          delay his turns by reducing his Speed or inflicting Slow on him.
          Even so, Earth Render causes problems as it deals damage to all 
          units in front of him. Aura works by casting Auto-Life and Auto-
          Regen on himself. Before he has a chance to use that on himself, 
          KO him. Disabling would work too.

          The Viera Doublecaster (aka the Red Mage) will very likely be a 
          threat. If she happens to use Doublecast on you, be wary of "Sleep +
          Poison" combos. By putting your units to Sleep, Poisoning that unit
          will damage HP while the unit is dozing. For the Time Mage, you just
          want to avoid Demi. Meteor is an Alchemist technique which also 
          might appear occasionally. Do not group your units together or he
          will most likely cast Meteor into that group. With heavy damage, 
          you will take casualties.

          The enemy group here is well-split and balanced between magic-
          casters and the physical units themselves. Follow up with a good
          balance of your own. Remember that Silence will easily keep a magic
          unit out of commission for a few turns (With emphasis on the Time
          Mage and Red Mage here). For physical units, Disabling them or using 
          Blind should help you out. 

     #57 Prison Break ~
     =--------------=
          Help me break out of prison, just for one day, please! All I
          have to do is deliver a birthday present to my wife!
                                 ~ Julian, Troubled Inmate

          Type: Engagement
          Info Cost: 800 Gil
          Location: Sprohm
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #20 Present Day. 
          Reward/s: 7000 Gil, Secret Item (Helje Key), 1x Random Item, 1x
                    Random Card
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     - 
          Available for: 25 Days

          Difficulty: Medium
          Enemies:    Templar x2
                      Defender x2

          Here we are helping a "troubled" inmate escape certain containment.
          Apparently, our nightly prison break failed to get past the eyes of 
          the local guard. Julian escaped, but we're stuck here. Stall them 
          so that the young criminal can make take his leave. Stuck doing the
          dirty-work, huh?

          The prison guards really must be on their day off. The alarm was
          issued and only four units came to stop you. Your opposition this
          time consists of two Templars and two Defenders. All four really
          lose in terms of Speed so you can expect to get the first few turns
          to yourself. Use their lack of Speed to your advantage and set up 
          an attack while they wait there.

          The two Templars, as always, are the source of your problems. Heavy
          Weapon Attack make them both very formidable opponents at close
          range. Warcry can be annoying as it lowers Speed. If you are going
          to take them down to critical health, just watch out for Lifebreak
          which deals lost HP in damage. If that strikes you, prepare to be
          devastated. Also, the one Templar capable of Prayer can cast Cura 
          on his allies. Defeat that one Templar and your opposition will be
          incapable of healing.

          The Defenders may have lower Weapon Attack, but as Defenders, their
          Weapon Defense goes through the roof. Needless to say, magic attacks
          would be very useful. However, if you have any elemental weaknesses,
          beware the Spellblades that one Defender holds. Likewise, White Monk
          abilities are present in the other Defender. While multi-tasking, 
          be sure that you don't underestimate their abilities. 

          I choose to defeat the Templar capable of casting Cura. Therefore,
          once he is down, your opponents will be incapable of healing. 
          Following, you can try to KO the second largest threat in terms of
          Weapon Attack, the other Templar. The more of the guards you take
          down, the less capable your enemies will become. Defeat all four of
          the guards and escape. 
     
     #58 Royal Ruins ~
     =-------------=
          There are some ruins in Nargai Cave that date from when golden gil
          was still in currency! Just think, what if some is left?
                                 ~ Meena, Streetear Courier

          Type: Engagement
          Info Cost: 1500 Gil
          Location: Nargai Cave
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #114 Golden Gil. 
          Reward/s: 7000 Gil, 2x Random Items, 2x Random Cards
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     - 
          Available for: 25 Days

          Difficulty: Medium
          Enemies:    Lamia 
                      Lilith
                      Titania
                      Toughskin
                      Odd Statue x2

          Bring in your six units, and take a moment to observe your battle-
          field. The main objective of this engagement is not to defeat the
          enemies, rather to destroy the two Odd Statues at the northwestern
          corner as soon as possible. So bring in some long-range units, and
          some physical members if you'd like, and begin the battle.

          All your enemies are fairly well-rounded in terms of stats. The 
          closest enemy would probably be the Lilith. She is capable of 
          inflicting Poison, Frog, Charm, and Doom status on your units so
          beware. The single Titania becomes increasingly annoying later in
          the battle. With LV?D Holy, the Titania can hit all units that have
          the same one's digit as the day of month. 

          Adding to the enemy monsters, you will find a Lamia towards the
          rear. She holds the Poison Kiss ability which is the same as the one
          the Lilith Holds. Along with that, Night puts all units (friend or 
          foe) to sleep on the field. The monsters close off with the Toughskin
          chilling around. Resonate will Disable all physical units, and 
          Matra Magic switches around MP/HP. 
 
          As I said before, bringing in long-range units would be a smart 
          thing to do. With them, get them towards the two Odd Statues toward
          the rear and unleash your arrows, bullets, and whatever into them.
          Have your physical units hold off on the monsters while the others
          take care of the Odd Statues. In fact, it is possible to simply make
          a run for the two Odd Statues and quickly knock them down before
          your enemies have a chance to retaliate. 

     #59 Sketchy Thief ~
     =---------------=
          We were playing on the Deti Plains, and some weirdo took Laudy's
          favorite sketchbook! Please get it back!
                                 ~ Estia, Friend of Laudy

          Type: Engagement
          Info Cost: 2400 Gil
          Location: Deti Plains
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #22 To Ambervale. 
          Reward/s: 18000 Gil, Sketchbook, 1x Random Item, 2x Random Cards
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     - 
          Available for: 25 Days

          Difficulty: Medium
          Enemies:    Jelly
                      Archer
                      Animist
                      Thief x2

          Well, they had stolen his sketchbook, and with it, the "Sketchy
          Thief" had apparently put one of his sketches to life through some
          strange transformation process. Apart from a drawing Jelly, your
          opponents are your standard engagement grunts. Bring in six units
          to combat this group. Make sure that you take in at least one magic-
          casting unit to take down the Jelly. 

          Your enemies consist of the standard. Two Thieves play a role as
          the main physical units of this battle. The Moogle Thief can steal
          your Armor, Shield, and Weapon as well as being able to use the
          Gunmanship techniques: Blindshot and Stopshot. Concentrate makes 
          it so that all moves have 90%+ chance of hitting. The Human Thief is
          a bit less dangerous in terms of stealing ability. Your Gil, EXP,
          and JP are not safe around him (sarcasm)! Watch out for some of his
          Black Magic however.

          The Archer is the ranged attacker of this group. He holds Aim: Legs
          and Aim: Arms. Furthermore, he also holds Concentrate which improves
          accuracy greatly. The few Battle Tech he holds aren't very useful.
          The Moogle Animist nearby is much more capable. Cuisine heals HP
          to the max while Chocobo Rush creates a giant stampede dealing 
          damage to all units standing in front of and in back of him. 
          Frogsong works by changing an enemy unit into a Frog. By all means,
          Silence him to avoid any problems. 

          Finally, the "drawing" that the Thief brought to life is nothing
          more than a simple Jelly. Like all Flan, this Jelly will only be
          affected by magic. Physical attacks will deal one HP damage and 
          occasionally two. Watch out for his Fire spells however as they
          can deal very heavy damage with each casting. As a side note, do 
          make sure that you don't use Fire against it. The Jelly will only
          absorb them. 

     #60 Showdown! ~
     =-----------=
          The showdown with the Gertai Band is upon us! 
          Date: 10 days from now.
          Place: Ozmon. Looking for a few good soldiers!
                                 ~ Roodog, Bardo Band Head

          Type: Engagement
          Info Cost: 4000 Gil
          Location: Ozmonfield
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #66 A Dragon's Aid. 
          Reward/s: 36000 Gil, 2x Random Items, 2x Random Cards
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     - 
          Available for: 10 Days

          Difficulty: Slightly Hard
          Enemies:    Paladin
                      Dragoon
                      Summoner
                      Assassin
                      Alchemist
                      Mog Knight

          Helping the Bardo Band against the Gertai Band, you venture to the
          Ozmonfield. Awaiting you there are your opponents of the Gertai 
          Band. Send in your six units and begin the battle. You might have
          some trouble here so keep that in mind. 

          Your enemies consist of a full party with six members. Because of
          the elongated terrain, your enemies are spread apart. However, they
          appear to have lined themselves up. The first of your foe, the 
          Paladin, holds Saint Cross and Holy Blade. The latter is a high-
          powered Holy strike which is usually capable of taking down your
          units within a single strike. Saint Cross deals Holy damage to all 
          surrounding units. Nurse and Drop Weapon are self-explanatory.

          Next on the list is the Bangaa Dragoon. The Kain's Lance is a very
          rare weapon that you might want to steal before doing anything. 
          Anyhow, techniques include Jump which is a Dragoon ranged attack,
          Lancet which drains HP, and the notorious "Breath" attacks. The
          Viera Summoner holds a wide variety of Summon Skills. Don't group
          your units too close together or you will easily fall victim to 
          her offensive magic.

          The most deadly of the enemy group is the Assassin obviously. She
          excels in Speed stats which makes her even more of an issue. You
          should probably want to steal the Genji Shield as it is very rare.
          Watch out especially for her Last Breath technique. If it hits, the
          unit is automatically KOed. Equally dangerous is Rockseal, a 
          Petrifying move. The nearby Alchemist is the magic caster of this
          group. Astra is a special status enhancement that nullifies the 
          first status ailment against. Meteor and Flare are both heavy 
          damage attacks. Poison and Toad are self-explanatory, and Rasp
          deals MP damage.

          Finally, the Moogle Mog Knight finishes off this lineup. He plays
          the role as the pseudo-boss of Gertai Band. Clad in nearly all opal,
          he is as shiny (List: Opal Helm, Opal Shield, and Opal Armor) as 
          he is valiant. Mog Guard, Mog Lance, and Mog Aid make up his Charge
          abilities, but he is also adept at using the Fireshot, Boltshot,
          and Iceshot of the Gunner job-set. 

          Apart from Items and the Paladin's Nurse technique, you should 
          realize that the Gertai Band has no other means of healing 
          themselves. It's weaknesses like these that you work upon. Defeat
          all enemies to drive the Gertai Band out. A victory for the Bordo
          Band. Now why did we help them again?

     #61 Hit Again ~
     =-----------=
          They got me again, kupo... And they went running off to Jagd Dorsa 
          again, too, kupo... I give up, kupo...
                                 ~ Nono, Once Again

          Type: Engagement
          Info Cost: 900 Gil
          Location: Jagd Dorsa
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #13 The Bounty. 
          Reward/s: 7000 Gil, 2x Random Items, 2x Random Cards
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     - 
          Available for: -

          Difficulty: Slightly Hard
          Enemies:    Thief
                      Ninja
                      Gunner
                      Red Mage
                      Blue Mage
                      Black Mage

          Remember Mission #12 Jagd Hunt? Well, those bandits seem to have
          hit poor Nono again. Head over to the Jagd Dorsa symbol, and send
          in six units to start the battle. This is a Jagd engagement, so 
          be sure you have means of reviving fallen allies.

          You might start off seeing a Ninja who holds the sought after Double
          Sword along with R-Ability Last Haste. Along with him, you have a 
          Blue Mage with Guard-Off, Dragon Force, LV3 Def-less which lowers
          the Defense and Resistance of units with levels divisible by 3, 
          and White Wind. 

          Also playing a role is a Gunner with Concentrate. The Gunner can
          easily become an annoyance so you might want to strike it down 
          quickly. The Red Mage not only holds Doublecast, but also Magic Pow+
          to further add the hurt to her Magic attacks. You will want to 
          watch out for that Red Mage. The Thief is only capable of stealing
          EXP, JP, and Gil so don't worry about it too much. And finally, the
          Black Mage can really hurt your units with its "-aga" ability. 

          Prioritize the Ninja first so you won't have to be dealt with Double
          Sword for the rest of the battle. Following, you might want to
          knock out the Shot-bearing Gunner, or the Doublecasting Red Mage.
          If you are ever KOed, be sure to revive them. I'm sure you will take
          caution here. Defeat the bandits once more, and save Nono's airship
          ... again!
          
     #62 Oasis Frogs ~
     =-------------=
          I haven't been hearing the frogs from the town oasis lately. Hope
          nobody is eating them! Would you stand watch till night?
                                 ~ Donya, Pub Customer

          Type: Engagement
          Info Cost: 900 Gil
          Location: Cadoan
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #6 Antilaws.
          Reward/s: 4600 Gil, Secret Item (The Hero Gaol), 1x Random Item
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -a
          Req. Jobs:     - 
          Available for: -

          Difficulty: Medium
          Enemies:    Lamia x3
 
          You are up against three Lamias in this battle. You are allowed to
          send in five members, so make sure you can defeat these three Lamias
          with them. You are fighting in Cadoan, which has a few ups and downs
          so walking through it might be a bit tough.

          The area is split up into an upper area, and a lower area. I'd 
          suggest sending half of your members towards the ledge, and half of
          them to the lower area. Therefore, you won't have to go through any
          time consuming walking. The Lamias are easy for the most part, but
          they hold a terribly annoying ability. Poison Frog will not only
          Poison you, but transforms you into a Frog! Not good. 

          As long as you watch out for that move, you should be fine. The 
          Lamias are easily cut apart, and if you have a Beastmaster with the
          Lamia control ability, the battle becomes easier. Kill off the Lamias
          and you should find a special Mission Item; The Hero Gaol. 

     #63 Missing Prof ~
     =--------------=
          Help! Professor Auggie has gome missing during his investigation
          of the cave at Tubola! He was last seen near a statue.
                                 ~ Quin, Search Party Member

          Type: Engagement
          Info Cost: 2400 Gil
          Location: Gotor Sands
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #20 Present Day. 
          Reward/s: 18000 Gil, 2x Random Items, 2x Random Cards
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     - 
          Available for: 25 Days

          Difficulty: Medium
          Enemies:    Bomb
                      Icewyrm
                      Ahriman
                      Ruin Ward
                      Odd Statue x2

          Once again, Professor Auggie has gotten himself into quite a bit of
          trouble. This time, it appears as if he disappeared into some cave.
          During our search, some monsters attempt to engage us. Nearby are
          two Odd Statues that might serve some purpose. Bring in some units
          and begin the battle.

          Your opposition consists of a Bomb, an Icewyrm, a Titania, and an
          Ahriman. The Bomb is no problem with Flame Attack as its only 
          technique (Apart from Blowup). The other three might pose a few 
          problems however. The Icewyrm boasts high Weapon Attack along with
          Ice Breath. By all means, try to avoid it and remember that Ice 
          attacks deal nothing against this Ice-based Dragon. 

          The Titania isn't even a Titania at all. Rather, she plays a role as
          the Ruin Ward. Defending the Tubola Cave, she isn't too tough to 
          say the least. LV?D Holy deals heavy Holy damage to all units with 
          the same one's digit as the day of month. Angel Whisper becomes much 
          more annoying. It heals HP AND casts Auto-Life on one of her allies. 
          The Ahriman's only real threat is Roulette which chooses a random 
          unit and KOs that unit. 

          The objective here is to destroy all the objects meaning the Odd
          Statues. The Odd Statues have very low statistics and their HP is
          so low that one strike would take one down. Ranged attacks would 
          work well so choose your units wisely. Don't let the other monsters
          get in your way however. Take them down first. 

     #64 Den of Evil ~
     =-------------=
          There's a place free of laws beyond Tubola Cave, but you need a
          pass to get in. Paradise or Purgatory? You find out!
                                 ~ Da'aye, Streetear

          Type: Engagement
          Info Cost: 2400 Gil
          Location: Tubola Cave
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #20 Present Day. 
          Reward/s: 22600 Gil, 1x Random Item, 2x Random Cards
          Req. Items:    Helje Key
          Req. Skills:   Combat/Lvl.25
          Req. Jobs:     - 
          Available for: -

          Difficulty: Slightly Hard
          Enemies:    Bishop
                      Time Mage
                      Gadgeteer 
                      White Mage
                      Black Mage
                      Elementalist

          If you want to unlock Jagd Helje, you must complete this mission.
          After receiving the Helje Key from the escapee, Julian, we find 
          ourselves at Tubola Cave awaiting this new "area." Before you can
          enter however, you are going to have to prove your worthiness to
          these hardcore chicks. 

          Before you do anything, note the fact that all your enemies are 
          magic-casters (Even the Gadgeteer is pseudo-magic). Therefore, 
          bring in Templars or Time Mages to counteract them with Silence.
          Any MP-hurting attacks would do good here. Similarily, if you 
          Berserk them, then they will be forced to use Fight moves. Even 
          so, you have one major enemy that will most likely nullify status
          ailments. 

          The White Mage will act as the savior of this enemy group. Until
          you can defeat him, avoid using status ailments as they will just
          be healed. However, while being a White Mage, he can also cast 
          instant KO with the Alchemy Skill, Death. Even so, once the White
          Mage is down and out, the battle becomes easier as you can just
          Silence or Berserk your opponents.

          The Viera Elementalist is very capable of knocking you off your
          feet. Fire Whip damages and Disables, Evil Gaze deals Dark damage
          and Confuses, and Sliprain deals Water damage and Slows. However,
          with Doublecast and the Red Mage technique, Sleep, expect two full
          spells right in your face. With Magic Pow+, her spells deal even 
          more damage. 

          Next in line, you will find that the Black Mage loves Fire. Equipped
          with a Blaze Robe and a Flame Rod, he achieves that burning 
          sensation with style. Luckily, this provides some advantage as the
          only Black Magic spells he can cast are Fire, Fira, and Firaga. 
          Nevertheless, you will still want to watch out for Blue Mage 
          techniques anyway. By now, your units should have levels higher than
          20 so the normally devastating LV? S-Flare will be disabled.

          Nearby, a Time Mage makes his appearance. Capable of Slow, Stop, 
          Silence, and Demi, expect him to be a force to be reckoned with.
          If you don't want to be victimized by Time Magic, take him down with
          some long-range attacks. The Bishop has the largest ability list
          set-up obviously. Most of his spells are just offensive magic 
          however. Still, beware of Break and Holy. The latter deals heavy 
          Holy damage and Break Petrifies units on the spot.

          Finally, the Gadgeteer stands toward the rear with his "one" 
          Pandora ability. Silver Disc is a completely unpredictable move 
          that will Blind either side through a flip of a coin. Being his
          only Pandora ability, the Gadgeteer obviously isn't capable of 
          much. You might find Damage > MP to be the pit of some exasperation
          but it is easily bypassed with moves like Faster or Greased Bolt.
          If you don't have access to those, simply taking down his MP and
          then his HP within a single turn works too.

          This battle can become incredibly easy or incredibly difficult.
          If you fail to work off the fact that your opponents are all magic-
          casters, then you might have some problems. The two most redeeming
          status ailment against these units would be, again, Silence and
          Berserk. As magic-units, their Weapon Defense falls a bit short so
          high-powered physical units, like always, will prevail. 

     #65 Exploration ~
     =-------------=
          [] Exploration Tour
          Want to travel to unspoilt wilderness where not even desert dwellers
          fare? Just 1,000 at the pub!
                                 ~ Ivalice Tourism Board

          Type: Engagement
          Info Cost: 900 Gil
          Location: Gotor Sands
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #16 The Big Find. 
          Reward/s: 0 Gil, 2x Random Items, 2x Random Cards
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     - 
          Available for: -

          Difficulty: Medium
          Enemies:    Coeurl
                      Grenade
                      Ice Flan
                      Jawbreaker

         Well what do you know? If it wouldn't be monsters we are engaging.
         You know our drill. Bring in six units and prepare to engage a 
         Coeurl, a Grenade, an Ice Flan, and a Jawbreaker. Don't worry about
         difficulty; this is fairly easy.

         The worst of the worst in this case would be the Coeurl. Its Weapon
         Attack power is pretty high, but Blaster will Petrify your entire
         team if you aren't careful. His other ability, Hastebreak, isn't 
         used often, but can still become annoying as it Slows your units. 
         When your Speed-logged Paladin gets Slowed, don't expect him to be
         of too much help as he'll probably get a turn every five other 
         turns.  

         The Jawbreaker is another annoying one. Luckily, as long as you 
         bring units without levels divisible by three or five, you should
         be eased a bit. LV3 Def-less basically destroys the Defense and
         Resistance statistics of units with levels divisible by three. 
         Likewise, LV5 Death automatically KOs all units with levels 
         divisible by five. That is not a good thing.

         The Grenade is a lot easier to take care of, and should really be
         left until the end of the battle. Chill is a radius attack which
         damages, and also heals the Grenade itself. Weapon Atk+ makes Fight
         moves even more hurting, and Blowup is self-explanatory. In terms
         of the Ice Flan, you will want to watch out for Blizzara and 
         a status ailmenting move, Acid.

         With your magic casters, attack the Ice Flan first. If the 
         Jawbreaker or Grenade is a priority to you, take them out with a 
         physical strike. The Coeurl might require a group effort. Remember
         to "un"-Petrify your units with Softs often unless you like a living
         statue standing right there doing nothing. Winning this battle will
         also gain you the Jagd Alhi symbol. 

     #66 A Dragon's Aid ~
     =----------------=
          A dragon is attacking Baguba, and only the Delia Wyrms can stop
          it! They'll talk to me if I bring them the Wyrmstone!
                                 ~ Kita, Baguba Watch Chief

          Type: Engagement
          Info Cost: 6300 Gil
          Location: Cyril
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #102 Wyrms Awaken. 
          Reward/s: 31600 Gil, 2x Random Items, 2x Random Cards
          Req. Items:    Wyrmstone
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     - 
          Available for: 25 Days

          Difficulty: Slightly Hard
          Enemies:    Icedrake
                      Firewyrm
                      Thundrake
                      Dragoon x2

          Despite the fact that you may have the Wyrmstone, the Delia Wyrms
          are not very giving to requests. To test your determination, you
          must engage with the Delia Wyrms. If you win, they will help. If 
          you lose, say goodbye.

          The Delia Wyrms are led by two Dragoons. Both excel in Weapon 
          Attack. The more powerful of the two is not the boss himself 
          however. The actual Dragoon boss is the one holding the Genji
          gear. The boss Dragoon is fitted with all three "Breath" attacks
          along with Lancet which sucks the HP out of your units. The other
          non-"boss" Dragoon has higher Weapon Attack as stated before, but
          his abilities are a bit lacking. Lancet drains HP and Jump is a 
          ranged attack.

          The Dragons themselves are slaves of the Dragoon's control. Nearest
          the starting position, a Firewyrm stands there looking intimidating.
          It holds Fire Breath which can blaze right through your units. 
          The Icedrake has higher Weapon Attack along with Ice Breath. Mighty
          Guard increases Weapon Defense and Resistance. Finally, the last of
          the Dragons, the Thundrake, has Bolt Breath and Dragon Force which 
          is capable of boosting Weapon Attack and Magic Power.

          The objective here is to defeat the boss Dragoon. If you don't need
          the EXP, you can just put all your units on a collision-course with
          the boss. However strong he might be, he will easily fall to a full
          force of six units. Take him down, and the Delia Wyrms will agree to
          drive the Dragon out of Baguba Port. 

     #67 Missing Meow ~
     =--------------=
          Please find my pet. His name is "meow" because he goes "meow meow." 
          He likes rabbit tails. Thank you!
                                 ~ Amelie, Owner of Meow

          Type: Engagement
          Info Cost: 600 Gil
          Location: Deti Plains
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #24 Royal Valley. 
          Reward/s: 27000 Gil, Ally Finder2, 1x Random Item, 2x Random Cards
          Req. Items:    Rabbit Tail
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     - 
          Available for: -

          Difficulty: Medium
          Enemies:    Coeurl (Meow)

          Someone really can't take a hint. The Coeurl that you see here is
          "Meow" itself. Even more of an irony is the fact that "Meow" is a 
          lvl.35 powerhouse. Anyhow, our objective is to bring it back home,
          but "Meow" obviously wants to play a bit longer. Time to take it 
          in by force. Bring in four units and begin the battle. 

          "Meow" is a tough Coeurl to really control. At 350+ HP, it can also
          be a chore to take down. However, with four units, the battle flows
          through much quicker. Meow has two Action Abilities. Hastebreak 
          inflicts Slow status and can break "Haste." Blaster is a ranged
          attack that will Petrify if it lands a hit. The latter should be 
          avoided as best as possible. For "Meow" itself, I'd suggest either
          pounding away at his HP or using Petrify. Simply Dooming him would
          work too. 

     #68 Fowl Thief ~
     =------------=
          A thief has been coming in the night and stealing our chickens! 
          Please, catch him for us!
                                 ~ Kariena, Little Girl

          Type: Engagement
          Info Cost: 600 Gil
          Location: Cyril
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #2 Thesis Hunt.

          Reward/s: 3600 Gil, 2x Random Items
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     - 
          Available for: -

          Difficulty: Medium
          Enemies:    Thief (Dabarosa)

          While you are only fighting one unit, this mission can become hard 
          if you don't know what you are doing. You are allowed to bring in 
          three units at maximum.

          This battle would go much quicker if only... the Thief wasn't at
          level 7! The Thief is not your ordinary clan war pushover, but a 
          much more powerful one. He has incredibly high attack statistics and
          his R-Ability, Counter, puts the pain with every strike you make
          against him. Because of that, Archers and Gunners are recommended.
          Anyhow, if you bring in two physical units, and a long-range unit,
          you should no trouble bringing the notorious Thief, Dabarosa down. 
          
          Use Potions often and you should overcome the Fowl Thief and complete
          this mission. If you have trouble, you might find it in your best
          interest to Blind Dabarosa so he can't strike. This isn't too hard, 
          just apply yourself to beat him.

     #69 Free Sprohm! ~
     =--------------=
          One of the Borzoi Capos is in the mountain town of Sprohm! Keep an
          eye on him until we and the Sprohm Watch are ready!
                                 ~ Cyril Town Watch
          
          Type: Capture
          Info Cost: 400 Gil
          Location: Sprohm
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #68 Fowl Thief and reading
                      "Area Freed!" rumor.
          Reward/s: 2400 Gil, 2x Random Items
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     - 
          Available for: -

          Difficulty: Medium
          Enemies:    Warrior
                      White Mage
                      Thief (Warose)

          Get yourself to Sprohm and prepare yourself for a slightly difficult 
          battle.

          The battlefield is a major doozy. If you have fought in Sprohm 
          before, you have already experienced it. Why? Because the bumps and
          crazy cliffs are a pain to get around, and unless you have some
          ultra-crazy Jump stats, I don't think climbing these things will be
          easy. Anyhow, you are allowed six units which is a good number 
          seeing that your opponent has only three. You will be engaging a 
          Warrior, a White Mage, and a Thief by the name of Warose, a Clan
          Borzoi Capo. 

          The enemy units are fairly easy, except for the Capo, Warose, of 
          course. I find it best to take out the White Mage before Warose as
          he will constantly heal the rest of the units. If you want to leave
          the Thief for last, you can do a number of things; Disabling him,
          Immobilizing him, or Blinding him. Either of the three will work, and
          by now, you should have access to those kind of abilities. Warose 
          may look tough, but when you defeat his Warrior and White Mage 
          backups, he becomes a piece of cake. Capture the Borzoi Capo and 
          free the conflicting town of Sprohm! 

     #70 Raven's Oath ~
     =--------------=
          Think you can push Clan Borzoi and its allies around? Next time, you
          face me: Dread Raven!
                                 ~ Raven, Borzoi Capo

          Type: Engagement
          Info Cost: 800 Gil
          Location: Giza Plains
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #69 Free Sprohm! and reading
                      "Our Heroes" rumor. Sprohm Pub only. 
          Reward/s: 6400 Gil, 2x Random Items
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     - 
          Available for: -

          Difficulty: Slightly Hard
          Enemies:    Black Mage
                      Paladin (Raven)

          For this next encounter with the notorious Clan Borzoi, you are 
          going up against Raven the Holy Knight, and his Black Mage teammate.
          Only four units are allowed in, so be sure you send in a White Mage
          and a long-range unit along with one physical attacker, and a magic-
          caster. 

          The main threat here is Raven. At a whoppin' level 11, he can surely
          put the hurt on your units. Because of his two Holy attacks, Saint
          Cross and Holy Blade, I find it best to keep your distance for the
          time being. Luckily, he only has a Move statistic of 3 so you should
          find it fairly easy to stay out of his Holy Blade radius. The Black
          Mage is also a threat. Not only does it know powerful Black Magic,
          But he is also capable of launching the Blue Mage abilities; Acid and
          Matra Magic against you. Be sure you don't land any of your own 
          magic on him or else you'll be buffetted by your own spells.

          Because the Black Mage has low Weapon Defense, I'd suggest sending
          your physical units against him. Raven, the Paladin, has strong
          Weapon Defense, but his Magic Resistance stats are slightly weaker.
          This is where your magic-caster comes in. Use your long-range unit
          to throw projectiles at Raven to cut away at his health. Defeat him
          to end this Borzoi Capo. 

     #71 Nubswood Base ~
     =---------------=
          We've discovered a Borzoi Base in the Nubswood. Help us root this 
          evil out of our lands forever!
                                 ~ Sprohm Town Watch

          Type: Engagement
          Info Cost: 1000 Gil
          Location: Nubswood
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #70 Raven's Oath and reading
                      "Borzoi's Plan" rumor. Sprohm Pub only. 
          Reward/s: 7000 Gil, 2x Random Items, 2x Random Cards
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     - 
          Available for: -

          Difficulty: Hard
          Enemies:    White Mage (Batalise)
                      Black Mage (Golitaire)
                      Red Mage (Hejaat)
 
          Once you stumble upon the Borzoi base, the Red Mage will engage to
          drive you out. You are allowed to bring in four other units and you
          are engaging against a White Mage, a Black Mage, and a Red Mage.
          That's right, all magic! And another thing, they are all Borzoi 
          Capos. Not good.

          The White Mage is capable of Esuna and Shell, along with two healing 
          moves. The Black Mage is fairly powerful with second rate magic 
          spells (Fira, Thundara, and Blizzara). The Red Mage however, is the 
          greatest adversary here. Not only does she hold the Doublecast 
          ability which allows two consecutive spells in the same turn, but
          she knows Spirit Magic which can really cripple you.

          It's best to take out the Red Mage first as she is the most 
          versatile. If you want to differ, and take out the White Mage first
          so she can't heal, be my guest. Out of all three, the Black Mage, 
          although powerful, is the least important. Win the battle and drive
          Borzoi out of their Nubswood base. 

     #72 Lutia Mop-up ~
     =--------------=
          We found another nest of those Borzoi worms in Lutia Pass! We've got
          four of their capos already, only three to go!
                                 ~ Sprohm Town Watch

          Type: Engagement
          Info Cost: 800 Gil
          Location: Lutia Pass
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #8 Hot Awakening. Sprohm Pub
                      only. 
          Reward/s: 6000 Gil, 2x Random Items, 2x Random Cards
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     - 
          Available for: 25 Days

          Difficulty: Hard
          Enemies:    Black Mage
                      Sniper (Bishon)
                      Time Mage (Steraiz)

          You are up against two Clan Borzoi Capos, so you can expect the 
          battle to be pretty tough. Luckily, the terrain proves to be fairly
          easy to move around in, so you should have some ease taking all 
          three of them out if you apply yourself correctly. You are allowed
          to bring in only four units, so make sure you choose carefully.

          First of all, you should note that the Black Mage automatically 
          starts off with an Auto-Life. Not good. All three of your opponents
          are difficult. They all hold powerful abilities, and all but the
          Black Mage hold a sub-job as well. The Time Mage can heal his allies,
          and the Sniper Capo holds some annoying Archer abilities. Make sure
          that the units you choose to bring in are well-trained and powerful.
   
          Focus on the Black Mage or Time Mage first. The Sniper can wait, as
          it is the most difficult to kill off. If you have a Bishop who knows
          Dispel, or a Ninja that knows Unspell, you could easily remove the
          Black Mage's Auto-Life. If anything, the Time Mage has to go fast,
          as once it happens to cast Haste on the Sniper, you are in deep 
          trouble. 

          If you are smart, you would have already brought in a White Mage.
          Make sure that you quickly cast something like Protect or Shell at
          the very beginning. Your White Mage should continually heal as
          necessary. Defeat the three of them, to wipe out two more Capos. 
          Only one more to.

     #73 Borzoi Falling ~
     =----------------=
          The Clan Borzoi boss, Gukko, has turned up in Cyril, and he plans on
          escaping overseas. Now's our chance to get him!
                                 ~ Cyril Town Watch

          Type: Engagement
          Info Cost: 1000 Gil
          Location: Cyril
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #72 Lutia Mop-up. Cyril Pub
                      only. 
          Reward/s: 7200 Gil, Secret Item (Shijin Shield), 2x Random Cards
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   Combat/Lvl. 12
          Req. Jobs:     - 
          Available for: -

          Difficulty: Hard
          Enemies:    Sniper
                      White Monk
                      White Mage
                      Fighter (Gukko)

          Being the final battle with Clan Borzoi, you can expect their last
          piece of resistance to be a heavy one. You are up against their
          boss, Gukko, along with a few of his guards. And they are in no 
          way, a pushover. Let's get this battle underway.

          You start off on the upper level chasing Gukko all the way to here.
          Bring in some physical units, plus one or two magic units, and of 
          course, a White Mage. Your enemies may be pretty heavy with their
          attack power, but their abilities aren't anything you haven't seen
          yet. However, Gukko the Fighter, has a whopping Attack power of 300!
          Therefore, I would strongly suggest you watch out for him. Not only
          that, but the S-Ability Doublesword makes his strikes even more 
          lethal. Some may be able to KO your units with a single hit. All the
          more reasons to bring in a White Mage with some sort of reviving 
          ability!

          The Sniper holds a few normal moves, but it is also capable of the
          Fencer abilities, Manastrike and Shadowstick which will destroy your
          MP, or lower your Speed statistics. The White Monk is another 
          terribly tough adversary here. While its Attack is not as crazy as
          Gukko's, you will still have some trouble around him. Watch out 
          especially for Earth Render, which can hit every unit standing in
          front of him.

          Basically, the shorter you cut this battle, the easier it becomes.
          You can practically cut the battle in half by going full at their
          White Mage. Try to defeat her as soon as possible, and then begin
          focusing on the Sniper and White Monk, while running away to stay 
          out of the Fighter's regular Fight range. Far Fist is still deadly,
          but it is far less effective than Gukko's other moves. Therefore, 
          if you manage to stay far away, Gukko will have to resort to his 
          ranged attack. When the Sniper, White Monk, and the White Mage have
          been taken, go with all your force against Gukko. You should be able
          to overpower him enough to defeat him. 

     #74 Cadoan Watch ~
     =--------------=
          There's a bomb infestation near the town of Cadoan! Please help us 
          drive them back before Cadoan burns to the ground!
                                 ~ Cadoan Town Watch

          Type: Engagement
          Info Cost: 1500 Gil
          Location: Cadoan
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #75 and reading "Foreign 
                      Ship" and "Crime Ring" rumor. Cadoan Pub only. 
          Reward/s: 8200 Gil, 2x Random Items, 2x Random Cards
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     - 
          Available for: -

          Difficulty: Easy
          Enemies:    Bomb x4
                      Mombomb (Mombomb)

          Here we are, a Bomb battle just on the outskirts of the Cadoan town.
          To prevent them from getting into the city itself, you have to defeat
          all of them. However, although four of them play a role as a generic
          Bomb, one of them is a Mombomb...

          The four regular Bombs are fairly easy to take out. Remember that
          these Fire-based creatures are weak against Water or Ice attacks.
          They will also heal each other constantly using their Flame Attacks
          on each other. This generates another precaution; never use Fire
          elemental attacks against these monsters! It will only heal them.

          The Mombomb should generate some curiosity. This monster not only
          holds the R-Ability, Counter, but also boasts Attack power above the
          200 mark! If you brought in Black Mages to take out the Bombs with
          their Ice attacks, do not let the Mombomb get too close to you. With
          low Defense, the Mombomb's heavy Attack will knock you out usually
          in a single blow. 

     #75 Free Cadoan! ~
     =--------------=
          The Redwings have reared their ugly head in Cyril. Help us and the 
          Sprohm Town Watch drive them out!
                                 ~ Cadoan Town Watch

          Type: Capture
          Info Cost: 600 Gil
          Location: Cyril
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #74 Cadoan Watch and reading
                      "The Redwings" rumor. Cadoan Pub only. 
          Reward/s: 2400 Gil, Secret Item (Red Robe), 2x Random Cards
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     - 
          Available for: - 

          Difficulty: Medium
          Enemies:    Mog Knight x2

          Don't you find it strange that the mission description states the
          "The Redwings have reared their ugly head in Cyril" but you are 
          engaging in the town of Cadoan. Either I'm missing something or this
          is one of Square-Enix' bigger mess-ups.

          Enter the battlefield, and meet your opposition; two Mog Knights.
          You are allowed to bring in up to four members. They don't have to 
          be your best, as this battle isn't too tough. However, do make sure
          that they are at least capable of simple enemy attack. If you want
          to end this battle quickly, physical units will rip them to shreads.
          
          Your two Mog Knight opposition are different. The higher level of
          the two has the R-Ability, Damage > MP, which converts all HP damage
          to MP damage automatically. Not only that, but he holds the Gunner
          A-Ability Concentrate, and four Juggler techs which can cause some
          problems. The other doesn't have any redeeming R-Abilities other
          than Concentrate, but he does have a few status ailmenting Gunmanship
          abilities.

          Both of these Mog Knights have Attack power around the 220-240 mark.
          Magic-casters with weak Defense will fall if you allow them too near
          to these heavy attackers. If you need to avoid their Attack 
          altogether, use long-range units like Archers, Hunters, or Snipers.
          Illusionists might work too. Just make sure they are protected. 

     #76 Fire Sigil ~
     =------------=
          Marilith Serpent, Falgabird of fire and brimstone, has been seen at
          Roda Volcano. Your duty is clear! Godspeed.
                                 ~ The Mysterious Minstrel 

          Type: Engagement
          Info Cost: 1200 Gil
          Location: Roda Volcano
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #75 Free Cadoan and reading
                      "Falgabird" rumor. 
          Reward/s: 4600 Gil, Fire Sigil, Secret Item (Random Item), 2x Random 
                    Cards
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     - 
          Available for: -

          Difficulty: Slightly Hard
          Enemies:    Mog Knight x3
                      Lamia (Marilis)

          For the first Falgabird, we are engaging against Maralith the Lamia
          in the Roda Volcano area. She also holds three Mog Knights as allies
          so this battle might prove a bit difficult.

          The main difficulty here is not Maralith herself, but rather the
          Mog Knights that back her up. The middle one has Counter, along with
          some Animist abilities. The right one (Right as in the direction 
          right that you're clan should be facing at the beginning) holds some
          Black Magic techniques and Geomancy to boost their power. The left
          one has some Steal techniques including Steal: Weapon which you 
          really want to watch out for.
 
          The one you should target first would definitely be the Mog Knight
          with the Steal: Weapon ability. Therefore, you won't lose any 
          effective weaponry, as that particular Mog Knight seems to enjoy 
          frustrating you by stealing your most valuable weapons. Second, I
          would suggest Maralith herself. The other two Mog Knights may have
          annoying abilities, but Maralith can cast Poison Frog on you, along
          with putting your entire clan to sleep.

          The key here is to Disable Maralith as quickly as possible. If you
          want a longer lasting, yet less effective solution, Blind her 
          instead. Make sure that you don't put your units into lines, or 
          group them together, unless you want to feel the wrath of Chocobo
          Rush or any Black Magic spells. Defeat everyone and win the mission
          along with the Fire Sigil. 

     #77 Free Baguba! ~
     =--------------=
          Redwings calling themselves the "Magus Sisters" have turned up in
          Baguba. Help us fight this new menace to our people!
                                 ~ Baguba Town Watch

          Type: Capture
          Info Cost: 600 Gil
          Location: Baguba Port
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #12 Jagd Hunt and reading 
                      "TheSpiritstone" rumor. 
          Reward/s: 2400 Gil, Secret Item (Delta Fang), 1x Random Item, 2x
                    Random Cards
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     - 
          Available for: -

          Difficulty: Medium
          Enemies:    Naga x3

          It's about time we are put up in one of these battles once again.
          Your opponents this time consists of three Lilith which are renamed
          the Naga. In fact, these are actually considerably easier than the
          Lilith. With whatever whatnot, send in six units and start the 
          battle.

          The main advantage here is that each Naga holds only one A-Ability.
          They are Kiss, Poison Frog, and Twister. Normally, a Lilith would
          hold all three abilities, but these Naga only hold one of each. 
          Therefore, taking one out will disable your enemy's abilities to
          use that particular move. 

          With six members, this battle should be fairly easy. The only 
          difficulty you might have would be their high levels. Cut out all 
          three of these Magus Sisters to win the mission, and free Baguba
          Port from Redwing hold. 

     #78 Water Sigil ~
     =-------------=
          Kraken Bolum, Falgabird of wave and water, has been seen at
          Nargai Cave. Your duty is clear! Godspeed.
                                 ~ The Mysterious Minstrel

          Type: Engagement
          Info Cost: 1200 Gil
          Location: Nargai Cave
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #77 Free Baguba! and reading
                      "The Sages" rumor.  
          Reward/s: 18000 Gil, Water Sigil, Secret Item (Random Item), 2x
                    Random Cards
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     - 
          Available for: -

          Difficulty: Slightly Hard
          Enemies:    Mog Knight x3
                      Ice Flan (Kraken)

          Years ago, a large squid-like monster was supposedly terrorizing the
          sea. Its name was Kraken, which is probably where these guys got 
          the name. First off, a squid in no way, looks at all like an Ice
          Flan, so I can beg the question; what the hell were they thinking?
          Anyhow, bring in your six units and start the battle against the
          Falgabird of wave and water.

          Kraken has three Mog Knights to help back him up. For the most part,
          their Weapon Attack is fairly high. Not only that, but they actually
          carry well-rounded items! Some of it may actually be worth stealing
          to sell later on. Your enemies hold both Charge and Gunmanship. Mog
          Attack damages and pushes units back, Mog Aid heals HP, Mog Lance
          is another long-range attack, and Mog Rush is an all-or-nothing 
          strike similar to the Beatdown ability.
   
          Lucky for you, the Mog Knight's Gunmanship abilities aren't long
          range, and they don't hold Concentrate. In terms of Gunmanship 
          A-Ability, they have the three elemental shots, as well as a few
          status ailmenting shots including, but not limited to; Stopshot,
          Blindshot, Silenshot, Confushot, and Charmshot. Most of the time
          however, they don't use them.

          Kraken himself isn't your ordinary Ice Flan, although he still is
          that easy to destroy with magic spells. If you look at his Defense,
          you will see that it's high up in the 800 area. Only an idiot would
          attempt to bring down its health with regular weapon strikes. If you
          bring in a high-powered Black Mage or some other magic caster, you
          should be able to bring down Kraken in one or two hits. 

          If you want to avoid Kraken's ice techniques, I'd suggest you send
          a powered Thundaga or Firaga strike at him. With Kraken's Magic
          Power, a taste of his Blizzaga can become deadly. Don't let the
          Mog Knights take advantage of you either. This isn't a "defeat the
          boss to win" mission, so if you defeat Kraken, but you lost most of
          your units, you might not win it. 

     #79 Wind Sigil ~
     =------------=
          Tiamat Dragoa, Falgabird of wind and storm, was seen in the 
          Koringwood. Your duty is clear! Godspeed.
                                 ~ The Mysterious Minstrel

          Type: Engagement
          Info Cost: 1200 Gil
          Location: Koringwood
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #77 Free Baguba! and reading
                      "The Sages" rumor.  
          Reward/s: 18000 Gil, Wind Sigil, Secret Item (Random Item), 2x
                    Random Cards
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     - 
          Available for: -

          Difficulty: Slightly Hard
          Enemies:    Mog Knight x3
                      Thundrake (Tiamat)

          If you already completed the other Sigil missions, this one should
          not be as tough. As you already know, the Falgabirds take the form
          of certain monsters throughout FFTA except they hold higher stats
          and more powerful abilities. For the Wind Sigil, we are faced against
          a Thundrake, and believe me, it is no pushover Thundrake.

          Three Mog Knights also populate the enemy force. Bring in six of
          your units to start the battle. Make sure that they are powerful
          enough to take on a heavy-stat monster as Tiamat. The enemy Mog
          Knights will probably pose a threat as well. Regular Charge attacks
          include Mog Attack which pushes units back after damaging them, Mog
          Lance which is a ranged attack, Mog Aid which heals HP, and Mog 
          Rush which deals heavy damage at a low hit rate.

          The Mog Knight's Gunmanship techniques can become increasingly 
          tough to counteract. You have the normal elemental shots along with
          some others. In short, these Mog Knights can possibly Confuse, Charm,
          Stop, Blind, and Silence you. Luckily, they don't hold any ranged
          weapon, and Concentrate isn't with them this time. Also, they don't
          normally use Gunmanship techniques so you won't have to worry too
          much.

          Finally, Tiamat himself can pose quite a threat to your team. With
          a Weapon Attack power in the 270s, he can pose quite a threat with
          his attacks. Not only that, but Tiamat is also capable of unleashing
          Dragon Force which raises all his stats to cause you even more 
          trouble. Bolt Breath is the standard Dragoon ability, and Geomancy
          powers Bolt Breath up even more. 

          You should definitely focus on Tiamat for the most part here. You
          DO NOT want to get hit with a Bolt Breath attack after a few Dragon
          Force ups and Geomancy. The Mog Knights can pose a slight threat 
          with Mog Rush, but if you Blind or simply Disable them, they won't
          hurt you. Defeat every single enemy to beat the great Tiamat Dragoa
          and the Wind Sigil. 

     #80 Earth Sigil ~
     =-------------=
          Lich De Mort, Falgabird of earth and stone, has been seen at Aisen
          Plains. Your duty is clear! Godspeed.
                                 ~ The Mysterious Minstrel

          Type: Engagement
          Info Cost: 1200 Gil
          Location: Aisenfield
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #77 Free Baguba! and reading
                      "The Sages" rumor.  
          Reward/s: 18000 Gil, Earth Sigil, Secret Item (Random Item), 2x
                    Random Cards
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     - 
          Available for: -

          Difficulty: Hard
          Enemies:    Mog Knight x3
                      Zombie (Lich)

          The Earth Sigil is held by a Zombie. Lich de Mort is yet another 
          Falgabird. Three Mog Knights support him as allies. Bring in your
          six units (Holy units are very useful here), and prepare for battle
          and the Earth Sigil.

          You should make sure that your units are capable of taking down the
          three Mog Knights along with Lich as well. Therefore, you shouldn't
          bring in any weak members as you will definitely want the edge in
          battle here. Your three Mog Knights hold the standard Charge 
          abilities which include Mog Aid, a healing move; Mog Rush, a heavy
          damage attack; Mog Attack, which pushes units back one square; and
          Mog Lance, a ranged attack.

          With the addition to that, the Mog Knights not only hold Gunmanship
          techniques, but Stunt abilities as well! This battle differs from the
          last three Sigil battles in this way. While they hadn't held 
          Concentrate before, now they do, and with Mog Rush, they can surely
          bring the pain down. Watch out for their status ailmenting attacks
          and get them down as quickly as possible.

          Lich de Mort himself is just a minor Zombie with some slightly higher
          Weapon Attack power. The fact that he is an Undead creature however 
          gives you both advantages and disadvantages. First off, all Holy 
          moves will deal double damage, or White Mage abilities will hurt 
          instead of heal. However, you might want to leave Lich for last as
          he can also regenerate within three turns. His techniques include
          Drain Touch which steals your HP, Miasma which Poisons, and the
          standard R-Ability, Counter.

          You can attempt to tackle this battle from different directions. 
          For example, Disabling the Mog Knights will keep them at bay. You 
          can also Charm them to hurt each other. If these kind of moves are
          not available to you now, using simple Fight moves swiftly should
          KO them quickly. Therefore, I would suggest bringing in mostly 
          physical units for that. Lich is easily defeated, but I'd suggest
          you wait until all three Mog Knights are gone as he can regenerate
          obviously. 

     #81 The Redwings ~
     =--------------=
          The Redwings base has been found in the Salikawood. Dark Knight 
          Grissom, the Redwings boss is there. Godspeed.
                                 ~ The Mysterious Minstrel 

          Type: Engagement
          Info Cost: 4000 Gil
          Location: Salikawood
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #77 Free Baguba! and reading
                      "The Sages" rumor.  
          Reward/s: 22600 Gil, Secret Item (Reaper Cloak), 2x Random Cards
          Req. Items:    Spiritstone
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     - 
          Available for: -

          Difficulty: Hard
          Enemies:    Defender x2
                      Mog Knight x2
                      Paladin (Glasm)

          Now hold your horses for a moment. I thought that Grissom was a 
          Dark Knight rather than a Paladin. Even stranger, his battle name
          appears to be Glasm rather than Glissom. Whatever, I'm not here to
          question the game, so just bring in some strong units (This battle
          is tough), and prepare yourself for battle.

          Two Mog Knights and two Defenders hold the title as "Glasm's" allies
          here. Seeing as you are fighting the Redwings boss right here, you
          can expect them to be his best elite troops. That is, for the most
          part, true. You have the Mog Knights holding some Charge abilities
          including Mog Attack, Mog Lance, Mog Aid, and Mog Rush. Not only 
          that, but they also hold Stunt and Gunmanship abilities. You would
          want to watch out particularly for Stunt as you can get Stopped,
          Berserked, Confused, and Disabled fairly quickly. And with 
          Concentrate learned, they can only get tougher.

          Although the Mog Knights are tough, the Defenders are even tougher.
          Defend, in itself, is already an ability-type held in high esteem.
          They do hold heavy Attack power, and when that is increased with the
          destructive capabilities of Mow Down, you can expect some pain right
          off the bat. Also, you have some Spellblade Techniques which make
          up the three elemental blades, and the Dragoon elemental breath
          attacks. You might find it best to take out these Defenders as 
          quickly as humanly (Or Viera-ly, or Moogle-ly, or Bangaa-ly, or
          Nu Mou-ly) possible. 

          The real deal here is Glasm himself. What would you expect anyhow?
          He is the Redwings' boss for God's sake! Chivalry abilities consist
          of a healing move, Nurse, the Holy-damage Saint Cross, and the 
          incredibly powerful Holy Blade. Glasm also has a few Aim tricks up
          his sleeve to further show you his power. Weapon Def+ will make it
          even harder than it already is to take him down.

          Units capable of status ailments are a must here. You WILL want to
          Disable or Blind Glasm as quickly as possible. In fact, you can 
          simply Disable or Blind the rest of the group, and focus only on 
          Glasm as he is the "Boss" after all, and the objective is; Defeat the
          "Boss." However powerful his Defense stays with Weapon Def+, he 
          would not be able to survive six units by himself while the rest of
          his team wanders aimlessly around Blinded or Disabled. This is a 
          fun battle, but don't let your guard down. 

     #82 Free Muscadet! ~
     =----------------=
          Some Clan Borzoi leftovers have turned up in the town of Muscadet. 
          Help us beat some sense into them!
                                 ~ Muscadet Town Watch

          Type: Capture
          Info Cost: 600 Gil
          Location: Muscadet 
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #81 The Redwings and 
                      reading "Grissom's End" rumor. Muscadet Pub only. 
          Reward/s: 2400 Gil, Secret Item (Hanya Helm), 2x Random Cards
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     - 
          Available for: -

          Difficulty: Slightly Hard
          Enemies:    Ark Knight (Silverlock)
                      Assassin x2 (Celia, Redy)

          I'll just assume that an Ark Knight is a Clan Borzoi's special
          term for Templar. And geez, they make it sound so cool. Anyhow, 
          we're engaging some more Clan Borzoi scum here in Muscadet. Up 
          against two deadly Assassins and an "Ark Knight," bring in powerful
          units and prepare for battle. Well, it should be three versus six. 
          Give it a bit of thought though. Obviously, these three are a bit 
          on the upper step compared to the normal engagements you might 
          partake in. Nevertheless, a good effort will kick them out of the 
          way. 

          The Assassin on the left is the last one in terms of Weapon Attack.
          However, know that she is the only enemy this time capable of using
          a ranged weapon. Therefore, that Assassin can easily Stop your units
          from a distance with Shadowbind. Even worse, you can easily be KOed
          with Last Breath and Aphonia Silences. Concentrate makes avoiding 
          her moves even more difficult. The way I choose to take her on is 
          through stealing the Master Bow. Therefore, her Weapon Attack goes
          down drastically, and she'll be forced to play hand-to-hand.

          The opposite Assassin has much higher Weapon Attack and a very 
          powerful weapon, the Masamune (I can already hear all you Chrono 
          Trigger players). Nightmare puts units to Sleep and Dooms them.
          Ague Slows down units and Rockseal will Petrify. Along with that,
          she is also fitted with Sharpshoot techniques. Beso Toxico damages
          and Poisons. Death Sickle will inflict Doom status. Prevent her 
          from using the latter move too often. In fact, I'd just suggest you
          Disable her altogether to avoid those terribly annoying moves. 
 
          And finally, we have our "Ark Knight." His line-up consists of 
          standard Templar techniques. There's nothing that you haven't really
          seen already. Beware of Bonecrusher however. If he lands a counter-
          blow on you, that's 1.5x his Weapon Attack. Even worse, with Weapon
          Atk+, he can deal quite a bit of damage. Take him down quickly and
          rid this battle of that monster and Clan Borzoi altogether. Clan
          Borzoi forever! Not.

     #83 ForeignFiend ~
     =--------------=
          A giant snake is attacking our traveling merchants! We can't make 
          our rounds like this. Someone please stop that thing!
                                 ~ Davoi, Merchant

          Type: Engagement
          Info Cost: 2000 Gil
          Location: Ulei River
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #82 Free Muscadet! and 
                      reading the "ForeignFiends" rumor.  
          Reward/s: 18000 Gil, 2x Random Item, 2x Random Cards
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     - 
          Available for: -

          Difficulty: Medium
          Enemies:    Queen Lamia (Queen Lamia)

          The first of the Foreign Fiends is a gigantic Lamia who calls 
          herself the Queen Lamia. I find this name to be a bit over-
          exaggerated as the Queen Lamia herself really isn't anything except
          a high-leveled snake-woman freak. Apart from that, her abilities
          are basically those of a normal Lamia. Pfft.

          Bring in four members. I strongly suggest long-range. Hunters work
          even better because they have techniques that are very anti-monster.
          You might also want to bring in an Archer to Blind or Disable the
          Queen Lamia. Anyhow, this gigantic Lamia's ability line-up consists
          of Night which puts all units to Sleep, Hand Slap which deals damage
          and delays the turn, and Poison Frog which Poisons and of course, 
          turns one of your own into a Frog.

          Night is completely with the Queen Lamia in this case. Because of
          the fact that this is a four-on-one fight, Night can only affect
          your team. Apart from that, you might want to watch out for Poison
          Frog. Beware of the Queen Lamia's high Weapon Attack. That means 
          don't be stupid and trigger her Counter ability every single turn.

     #84 ForeignFiend ~
     =--------------=
          A bizarre turtle-like monster is attacking the town! Somebody stop 
          it!
                                 ~ Crusoi Inn

          Type: Engagement
          Info Cost: 2000 Gil
          Location: Baguba Port
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #83 ForeignFiend. 
          Reward/s: 20400 Gil, 2x Random Items, 2x Random Cards
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     - 
          Available for: -

          Difficulty: Medium
          Enemies:    Adamantoise (Adamantoise)

          The second of the Foreign Fiends is a giant Blade Biter going by the
          title of Adamantoise. With exception Weapon Attack and Defense, you
          might have some trouble getting through this one. Be sure you bring
          in a few magic-casting units, as that Weapon Defense is going to be
          hard to crack. 

          The Adamantoise, apart from sounding much more intimidating, is 
          basically the same thing as a Blade Biter. Not only do they have the
          same sprites, but their abilities are the same. Limit Glove is the
          same ol', same ol' critical HP --> 999 HP damage --> ownage. Munch
          gives me a lot of problems as it breaks weapons. When my valuable
          weapons are broken apart, I usually restart the battle. Resonate 
          Disables all physical units. 

          Let's compare Weapon Defense and Magic Resistance. The latter is 
          about 300 points less. Obviously, you should be able to find the
          weakness here. However, most magic-casting units are weak in terms
          of Weapon Defense. If you do send in magic units, make sure that
          they won't be pummeled to pieces. A dead unit is a useless unit.
          Bringing in a White Mage just in case wouldn't be a bad idea. 

     #85 ForeignFiend ~
     =--------------=
          A plant monster is attacking people, and the body count is rising! 
          We need a weeder, quick!
                                 ~ Bokum, Townsperson

          Type: Engagement
          Info Cost: 2500 Gil
          Location: Uladon Bog
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #84 ForeignFiend. 
          Reward/s: 22600 Gil, 2x Random Items, 2x Random Cards
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     - 
          Available for: -

          Difficulty: Slightly Hard
          Enemies:    Ochu (Ochu)
                      Neochu (Neochu)

          For the last Foreign Fiend fight, you are up against two super-
          Malboros. Yeah yeah, I know what you are thinking (or not). The 
          mission stated very clear there was only one monster. Unless some
          people can't count or the Neochu had an offspring (highly unlikely),
          the mission description is just a mistake on the game's part.

          Anyhow, these two Malboros hold the same ability set-up as their
          respected Malboro or Big Malboro counterparts. The Ochu holds all
          Malboro techniques which include: Goo and Bad Breath. The latter 
          is capable of inflicting a large number of status ailments on you
          at once. I should not be the only one who thinks this is NOT cool.
          The Neochu differs from the Ochu with a few different abiliities.
          Most noticeably, Goo is replaced with Soundwave which Dispels status
          enhancements.

          As you should already know, all Malboro suck in terms of Speed. 
          If you are smart enough to bring in speedy units, the battle 
          advantage is given to you. Not to say that this battle is THAT 
          tough anyway. Watch out for Bad Breath and pound away these two
          creatures to complete this Foreign Fiend mission. 

     #86 Last Stand ~
     =------------=
          I sense... a life-force possessing unfathomable magic powers! It
          would be folly to let it roam wild. Kill it! Kill it!
                                 ~ Shaton, Diviner

          Type: Engagement
          Info Cost: 4000 Gil
          Location: Nubswood
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #85 ForeignFiend. 
          Reward/s: 34000 Gil, Secret Item (Dread Soul), Secret Item (Judge
                    Coat), 2x Random Cards
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     - 
          Available for: -

          Difficulty: Slightly Hard
          Enemies:    Dread Lord (Dread Lord)

          Ooh, I like the look and mood of this battle. The old, stone area
          sets the atmospheric effect for the final Foreign Fiend, the Dread
          Lord. Seeing as he is the Lord of the Vampires, you can't possibly
          expect him to be a pushover now? Maybe he is. Bring in four units 
          and begin the battle. 

          The Dread Lord is basically another Vampire. The only noticeable
          difference is the VERY high Weapon Attack. A single strike from the
          Dread Lord will most likely KO most units. Abilities consist of
          LV? S-Flare which deals Dark damage to all units with the same one's
          digits as the Dread Lord. Miasma deals damage and Poisons while 
          Zombify inflicts Zombie status.

          Look at this creature's Weapon Defense and Magic Resistance. This
          should really knock you off your feet. Both values are in the 500s
          meaning that damaging this Dread Lord will not be easy. Therefore,
          you will find that abilities with set damage values like Demi or
          Gil Toss will be very effective. Holy spells from White Mages or
          the Paladin's Holy Blade deal extra damage as well. Expect this
          battle to take a VERY long time. 

     #87 Free Bervenia! ~
     =----------------=
          Gukko is back in Cyril and planning to attack the palace with
          his newfound magical powers. Calling every town watch to arms!
                                 ~ Cyril Town Watch

          Type: Capture
          Info Cost: 400 Gil
          Location: Bervenia Palace
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #24 Royal Valley and freeing
                      all areas. 
          Reward/s: 2400 Gil, Rukavi Soul, 1x Random Item, 2x Random Cards
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     - 
          Available for: -

          Difficulty: Hard
          Enemies:    Apanda x2
                      Archademon x2
                      Vampire (Gutskor)

          It's not fair. Gukko, even though he lost terribly, gets to come
          back in a Vampire form with a cool new name, Gutskor. Marche however
          is still his old snobby self despite the fact that he owns the most
          powerful clan in all of Ivalice. Jealousy aside, it's time, once 
          again to push this monstrosity out of Ivalice once, and finally, for
          all.

          Gutskor has on his side, two Apandas and two Archademons. They 
          basically are Ahrimans and Icedrakes with cooler names because they
          are Gutskor's monsters. They have the same sprite, and even better,
          also have the SAME abilities as their lesser monster class. Both 
          Apandas excel in Weapon Attack. Their ability to fly above the rest
          of the group makes it so that surrounding one wouldn't be enough to
          trap them in.

          For the Apandas (Geez, this is getting annoying calling them that), 
          you'd probably know that Roulette is problematic in itself. Once
          casted, a random unit on the map will be KOed automatically. You
          can usually tell when one will use it as the Ahriman (Apanda to 
          remain consistent) will most likely fly to a corner or an isolated
          area. The faster you get rid of that Apanda, the less of a danger
          the battle will pose.

          The two Archademons have incredibly high Weapon Attack. A single
          strike will most likely KO one of your weaker units. Therefore, you
          might find it best to pelt them from far away through ranged 
          attacks. Try not to group your units together as Ice Breath will
          be as annoying as ever. "T"-formations are the worst thing you
          could possibly create. As you already know, Breath attacks damage
          within a "T"-radius.

          Gutskor himself is now a Vampire living the jet-set. If you left him
          for last with a legitimate amount of units still alive, then a few
          strikes should bring him down. Seeing as he's a Vampire, killing him
          off first would be fairly stupid as he revives within three turns
          anything. Of his abilities, watch out especially for Zombify. Holy
          attacks work wonders against him. Likewise, you can easily deal 
          heavy damage with normally beneficial White Magic spells.  

     #88 The Worldwyrm ~
     =---------------=
          The ley lines that run through Ivalice have gone awry -- the World
          Wyrm, Ogma is come again! Defeat him or Ivalice is doomed!
                                 ~ Jemingo, Geomancer

          Type: Engagement
          Info Cost: 3000 Gil
          Location: Roda Volcano
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #24 Royal Valley.
          Reward/s: 22600 Gil, Ogma's Seal, 1x Random Item, 2x Random Cards
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     - 
          Available for: -

          Difficulty: Slightly Hard
          Enemies:    WorldWyrm (Ogma)

          Even after defeating Remedi, you still have many challenges ahead 
          of you. The Worldwyrm is a powerful Thundrake that threatens the
          livelihood of all Ivalice. Currently making a ruckus in his cave
          at Roda Volcano, it is a matter of hours before he begins his 
          rampage. Your clan has been fitted to put him back to sleep. Bring
          in four trustworthy units to go against this powerful monster. This
          isn't your ordinary monster round-up...

          At lvl.46, Ogma the Thundrake is one heck of a Dragon. His Weapon
          Attack and Defense will go through the roof. Judging from his HP,
          cutting away at his health will be a problem just as well. While
          Ogma's regular attacks will generate enough power to KO most units
          within a single strike, Bolt Breath provides a much larger area of
          affect. In fact, if you position all four of units in a "T"-
          formation (of which is a very stupid thing to do), the Worldwyrm 
          can actually blow all of them down with Bolt Breath.

          A good mix of magic and physical strength is required here. Balance
          your units so that if one fails, the other could follow-up and 
          hopefully finish Ogma off. I'd suggest casting Protect or increasing
          Defense before sending a unit off on an offensive against Ogma. 
          A White Mage is very useful for that purpose. As a side note, be
          sure not to use Lightning attacks against Ogma. As a Thundrake, he
          won't be hurt at all. 

     #89 Moogle Bride ~
     =--------------=
          My dearest Montblanc, I think of you always. If we could meet, I
          would much like to tell you how I feel in person.
                                 ~ Mogumi, Townsgirl

          Type: Engagement
          Info Cost: 3000 Gil
          Location: Materiwood
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #88 The Worldwyrm. 
          Reward/s: 18000 Gil, Esteroth, 1x Random Item, 2x Random Cards
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     - 
          Available for: -

          Difficulty: Medium
          Enemies:    Thief
                      Juggler
                      Time Mage
                      Mog Knight
                      Black Mage

          Well what do you know? It appears as if Montblanc has been tricked
          and rejected. What a surprise (or not). I suppose you could have
          been expecting this drastic change of heart. Montblanc's lover is
          nothing more than a trick. Bring in five units in addition to 
          the now heart-broken Montblanc and begin the battle against these
          trickers.

          A Thief will most likely take the first turn for this battle. As a 
          Thief, you should know to beware his steal techniques. Watch out for
          Steal: Weapon if you are bearing any rare pieces of weaponry you
          woul rather keep. The nearby Juggler is problematic with a few of
          his Stunt techniques. Specifically speaking, Hurl, Ring, Ball and
          Smile. Ring can be annoying as it Stops a unit. Smile, when thrown 
          at an ally, will Quicken.

          The Time Mage and Black Mage can co-exist. The latter can throw 
          very high-powered spells at you. Firaga, Thundaga, and Blizzaga can
          cut HP out very, very fast. The Time Mage can become with Haste and
          Stop. Avoid throwing magic spells at that unit as Return Magic will
          slingshot it right back at you. 

     #90 Clan Law ~
     =----------=
          We clans were made to steal work, to gain turf, were we not? All
          you fat and lazy clans, get ready for a rude awakening!
                                 ~ Secret Clan Coalition

          Type: Engagement
          Info Cost: 2000 Gil
          Location: Ozmonfield
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #89 Moogle Bride. 
          Reward/s: 13600 Gil, Master Brave, 1x Random Item, 2x Random Cards
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     - 
          Available for: -

          Difficulty: Medium
          Enemies:    Ba Boss
                      Hel Boss
                      Fes Boss
                      Gelm Boss
                      Kagle Boss
 
          Well, all leading clans will eventually have some sort of rebellion 
          or uprising occur against them. For this battle, you are up against
          five bosses from various clans that have created a team to fight 
          you. However, with you at the wheel, their futile attempts for 
          control will only fail.

          The Ba Boss plays a role as a Paladin and the pseudo-leader of this
          uprising. As a Paladin, his abilities are obviously powerful. With
          high Weapon Attack, he can become threatening to your group. Holy
          Blade should be avoided obviously. The Hel Boss' job is a Summoner.
          Capable of casting various Summon techniques, she will pose a 
          threat. Remember that Summon magic is capable of hitting units two
          tiles out from center and one diagonally.

          Next in line, the Fes Boss is just inching to get a taste of your
          blade. As a White Mage, you might want to take that unit down before
          he can heal his group. With a White Mage down, your opponents will
          be easier to defeat. The Gelm Boss is a Bangaa that will be sure 
          to prove a problem with heavy Weapon Attack. Earth Render will be
          annoying as it deals damage to all units standing directly in front
          of him. Finally, the Kagle Boss, playing as a Nu Mou Sage will be 
          the main magic-caster. Giga Flare is a high-MP spell that deals 
          incredible damage to a group of units. 
          
     #91 Challengers? ~ 
     =--------------=
          A swordsman from afar has come looking to challenge our strongest 
          warrior. One look at the guy was enough to send me running!
                                 ~ Hulick, Swordsman

          Type: Engagement
          Info Cost: 2400 Gil
          Location: Delia Dunes
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #17 Desert Patrol. 
          Reward/s: 18000 Gil, Chirijiraden, 2x Random Cards
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     - 
          Available for: -

          Difficulty: Medium
          Enemies:    Fighter

          Here's to a cocky Fighter who believes that he can take on the 
          strongest clan in all of Ivalice. With a one on one fight, the 
          Fighter might win, but you are bringing in four of your most trusted
          clan members (I hope). Seriously, how hard can one Fighter be with
          four units to your disposal?

          Sir Fighter here lies at a pretty high level. His Weapon Attack and
          Weapon Defense are incredibly high so you might want to watch out
          whenever he rears up to strike. Air Blast and Backdraft can deal 
          incredible damage if he chooses to use them. Along with that, the
          Fighter can also Immobilize, Disable, and bypass R-Abilities through
          some Aim techniques. Strikeback nullifies incoming Fight moves right
          off the bat so don't even try.

          However, if you look at his stats again, you should notice that 
          Magic Resistance is nearly an entire 100 points below Weapon 
          Defense. If you can possibly bring in some magic units that can
          take his initial punishment, you will be rewarded. Take advantage 
          of the incredibly low (compared to Weapon Defense at least) Magic
          Resistance and blast him away. 

     #92 Cursed Bride ~
     =--------------=
          Save my son! He's been odd ever since he married that girl, and the
          other day I saw her turn into a snake and bite him!
                                 ~ Marcello, Merchant Recluse

          Type: Engagement
          Info Cost: 1000 Gil
          Location: Eluut Sands
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #10 Emerald Keep. 
          Reward/s: 8200 Gil, Secret Item (Last Letter), 1x Random Item, 2x
                    Random Cards
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     - 
          Available for: -

          Difficulty: Medium
          Enemies:    Inverlilith 

          Here, you are up against a special breed of Lamia known as the 
          "Inverlilith." Despite the different name, I don't see too much of a 
          difference between ol' Snake-Lady here and some regulary Lilith. 
          Get four members into the battle, and prepare for a fight.

          Inverlilith here has a few abilities which might cause you some
          problems. Twister is probably one who hadn't seen yet. If you allow
          this creature to get within a few tiles of you, it is capable of 
          using a Twister-attack which knocks off 1/2 of your HP, which when 
          used against a high-HP unit as a Defender, becomes incredibly 
          annoying. Not only that, but she can also Block Arrows, and use 
          Kiss, which Charms and Dooms you.

          If you want to avoid this Inverlilith altogether, I strongly suggest
          you take it out as quickly as possible with high Attack Power. Arrows
          won't work here, but a Gunner wouldn't hurt. The best you can 
          probably do would be to round up a Beastmaster, and attempt to 
          Control it every turn to avoid its powerful attacks. 

     #93 Flan Breakout! ~
     =----------------=
          There's been an outbreak of flan near our logging site! They'll eat
          all the trees, and we'll be out of a job! Help!
                                 ~ Dals, Lumberjack

          Type: Engagement
          Info Cost: 1700 Gil
          Location: Salikawood
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #15 Scouring Time. 
          Reward/s: 13600 Gil, Heretic Rod, 2x Random Cards
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     - 
          Available for: -

          Difficulty: Medium
          Enemies:    Jelly x2
                      Ice Flan x2
                      Mamaflan (Mamaflan) 

          Constantly, you will be meeting special monsters that are higher
          level and more powerful than the rest of the monster race. In this
          case, the Mamaflan (It looks like a Cream) will be your troublemaker
          and the ringleader of this group of Flan. Judging from past 
          experience, I'd suggest you would bring in some magic units. Already
          knew that? Haha, you joker.

          High-powered Black Mages would be useful here. However, any magic
          can do damage to Flan, so bring in the best you can get. Your 
          Mamaflan has a few allies. The Jelly are capable of using Firaga
          as well as Sacrifice, a self KO move to heal another, and Acid,
          a move which inflicts a random status ailment on you. The Ice Flans
          hold Blizzaga obviously, and Sacrifice and Acid as well.

          For the Big Bertha of this Flan clan (Hah, that rhymes), you might
          find it a bit difficult. The Mamaflan is the only Cream on the 
          field with some Magic Power almost reaching 300. Mamaflan here is
          much more versatile with higher Speed (Although not enough to 
          make a difference) and both Sacrifice and Acid. Also, Thundaga can
          hurt quite a bit if you aren't careful.

          There is one thing you can do to fail this mission: bringing in 
          all physical units. Think about it, what are you going to do against
          a bunch of 900-Weapon Defense Flans? With lower Magic Resistance,
          you can easily break them apart with magic. The most practical would
          be the Black Mage in this case. Ice the Mamaflan, Thunder against
          the Jellies, and Fire against the Ice Flans. If you are powerful 
          enough, you should be able to take the Flans out within a single
          strike. 

     #94 Sorry, Friend ~
     =---------------=
          We learned a summoning spell at school, but when I tried it at home, 
          I couldn't get the monster to leave! Help me!
                                 ~ Orvis, Mage School Junior

          Type: Encounter
          Info Cost: 1500 Gil
          Location: Deti Plains
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #21 Hidden Vein. 
          Reward/s: 13600 Gil, Secret Item (Bangaa Helm), 1x Random Item, 2x
                    Random Cards
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     - 
          Available for: -

          Difficulty: Easy
          Enemies:    Jawbreaker (Kaikirith)

          Well, here we are engaging a Jawbreaker that someone obviously 
          failed to keep under control. Our mission is easy enough to 
          understand; take down that Jawbreaker. Bring in four units and
          begin the battle. 
          
          As a level 34 Jawbreaker, this summoned monster might be a tough
          cookie to take down. Weapon Attack is in the 450s range. Rather
          than using abilities, this Jawbreaker will prefer to take you 
          down with sheer force rather than trickery. Even so, LV3 Def-less
          will only hurt your chances by taking down the Defense and 
          Resistance of all units with levels divisible by three. Suffocate
          deals damage and delays turn.

          Singlehandedly, this battle might pose a threat. However, with 
          four against one odds, the difficulty is lifted a little bit. Take
          advantage of Kaikirith's lower Magic Resistance and pound its 
          position with high-powered magic spells. Simply sending in strike
          after strike will do well. This is a very easy battle. 

     #95 Carrot! ~
     =---------=
          Oh my, what to do? My pet, Carrot, is hiding in her house and won't 
          come out! Bring a spear, you may need it!
                                 ~ Mrs. Nanabu

          Type: Engagement
          Info Cost: 5000 Gil
          Location: Jagd Helje
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #24 Royal Valley and Mission
                      #64 Den of Evil. 
          Reward/s: 40600 Gil, Secret Item (Malbow), 1x Random Item, 2x Random
                    Cards
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     - 
          Available for: 20 Days

          Difficulty: Medium
          Enemies:    Malboro (Carrot)

          ... No comment.
 
          "Carrot" appears to be another one of those crazy monsters that 
          people happen to strangely like to take as pets. Anyhow, he sure
          is one vicious Malboro creature. With 520+ HP, be sure to have some
          trouble taking that down. Also, beware of Bad Breath as it can deal
          a number of status ailments in one casting. Fighting in a Jagd, 
          there are no limitations. Pound Carrot and defeat him to win the
          mission. 

     #96 Shadow Clan ~
     =-------------=
          [Clan [Your Clan Name]!] If you truly believe you are the strongest 
          clan in Ivalice, we, Shadow Clan, challenge you!
                                 ~ Hanzou, Shadow Clan Boss

          Type: Engagement
          Info Cost: 4500 Gil
          Location: Jagd Ahli
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #24 Royal Valley.
          Reward/s: 36000 Gil, Ninja Tabi, 1x Random Item, 2x Random Cards
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     - 
          Available for: -

          Difficulty: Hard
          Enemies:    Assassin x2
                      Ninja x3 (Hanzou)

          I guess you had never imagined a clan full of Ninjas and Assassins.
          Obviously, that kind of clan will be one toughie to defeat. The
          Shadow Clan here is a perfect example. The fight takes place in 
          Jagd Ahli to make it even more dangerous. 

          Your enemies consist of three Ninjas including the boss, Hanzou, and
          two Assassins. If you aren't fast enough in taking all five of these
          down, time will run against you. The two Assassins are the main 
          problem as they can use both Sharpshoot and Corner techniques. 
          There are a few moves you want to avoid particularly. Rockseal can
          Petrify units into stone. Shadowbind can Stop units. Nightmare 
          inflicts Sleep and Doom. The most dangerous of them all however,
          is Last Breath. Especially in a Jagd area, Last Breath provides an
          instant KO.

          The Ninjas rely more on physical Weapon Attack than abilities. The
          only non-Double Sword Ninja is the boss himself, Hanzou. However, he 
          can easily make up for that through Turbo MP and Phantasm Skill. The 
          other Ninjas can deal heavy damage through Double Sword which 
          basically enables them to hold two weapons. The one with Blue Magic 
          should be taken down as soon as possible. If you can, Silence both 
          Ninjas to avoid their magic.

          The mission objective is to take down the Shadow Clan boss, Hanzou.
          Defeat him, and the battle is over. 

     #97 The Dark Blade ~
     =----------------=
          He killed them all... with his dark blade, he slew all the men
          that went to rescue their comrade who fell to the Redwings...
                                 ~ Deetz, Streetear

          Type: Engagement
          Info Cost: 3000 Gil
          Location: Jagd Dorsa
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #24 Royal Valley.
          Reward/s: 22600 Gil, Secret Item (Ebon Blade), 1x Random Item, 2x
                    Random Cards
          Req. Items:    Spiritstone/Bent Sword
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     - 
          Available for: -

          Difficulty: Medium
          Enemies:    Paladin (Dark Knight)

          The Dark Knight is an intimidating figure. WHY WON'T HE SAY 
          ANYTHING! THE SILENCE!

          Anyhow, this Paladin doesn't have a name apart from his title, Dark
          Knight. Obviously, he is a dangerou figure and a silent one at that
          too. At lvl.48, he will most likely cause many problems. Holy Blade
          will deal incredible damage with the high Weapon Attack he bears.
          Weapon Defense statistics go through the roof too. Magic-casters
          will work well off of Dark Knight's weaker Magic Resistance. 
          However, make sure they don't get slain too fast. 

          Defeat the Dark Knight and he will agree to forge you the Dark 
          Blade. Otherwise known as the Ebon Blade.

     #98 The Hero Blade ~
     =----------------=
          Blacksmith Buckles lives outside town. Bring him materials and
          defeat him in battle, and he'll make a sword of legend for you!
                                 ~ Deetz, Streetear

          Type: Engagement
          Info Cost: 3600 Gil
          Location: Baguba Port
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #24 Royal Valley.
          Reward/s: 27000 Gil, Secret Item (Excalibur2), 1x Random Item, 2x
                    Random Cards
          Req. Items:    Rusty Sword/Mysidia Alloy
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     - 
          Available for: -

          Difficulty: Medium
          Enemies:    Templar (Buckles)

          We have the Dark Blade and now the Hero Blade. Buckles the Templar
          holds the ability to forge this next sword.

          Buckles, despite his weird name, is a force to be reckoned with.
          As a Templar, his Weapon Attack goes through the roof and the rest
          of his stats follow closely. Not only will you find out that his
          attacks hurt, but it's hard to hurt him as well. Beware of Lifebreak
          if Buckle's HP is critical. Likewise, beware of Bonecrusher when
          attacking him at close range. 1.5x his Weapon Attack can be quite
          painful.

          Defeat him and he'll agree to forge you the Hero Blade. The 
          Excalibur2. 

     #99 The Fey Blade ~
     =---------------=
          Wanna fight me? I'm the traveling swordsmith, Gagatoh! Defeat me, 
          and I'll make you a fey blade, the likes of which have never been 
          seen!
                                 ~ Gagatoh, Traveling Swordsmith

          Type: Engagement
          Info Cost: 5000 Gil
          Location: Siena Gorge
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #24 Royal Valley.
          Reward/s: 31600 Gil, Secret Item (Masamune 100), 1x Random Item,
                    2x Random Cards
          Req. Items:    Zodiac Ore/Blood Apple
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     - 
          Available for: -

          Difficulty: Hard
          Enemies:    Bladesmith (Gagat)

          A master Gladiator, Gagatoh is a master of the blade as well as 
          being a skilled fighter. Bring in four units and engage against this
          lvl.49 powerhouse.
 
          Gagat will most likely scare most of your units off with his 
          incredible Weapon Attack. Most Fight moves from him will probably
          KO your units within a single turn. If you fight him at weapon 
          range, prepare to be struck by Counter. Take my advice and do your
          best to avoid attacks at weapon range. Long-range attacks or magic-
          casters are best suited here. His Spellblade Tech allows him to use
          Fire Sword, Bolt Sword, and Ice Sword. 

          Defeat Gagat one way or another and the Fey Blade is yours. The
          Masamune 100. 

     #100 Fiend Run ~
     =------------=
          There was a flood at the monster bank, and many of the monsters got
          out! Please capture those still on the loose!
                                 ~ Monster Bank Administration

          Type: Encounter
          Info Cost: 1200 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: Capture at least five monsters and talk to Monster Bank
                      administrator at Cyril. 
          Reward/s: 8800 Gil, 1x Random Item, 2x Random Cards
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     - 
          Available for: 20 Days

          Difficulty: Medium
          Enemies:    Coeurl
                      Ahriman
                      Red Cap
                      Big Malboro

          Once you locate the group of monsters on the world map, Marche will
          consider letting them go. Now why would you let go these monsters?
          Select Capture, and prepare for an engagement with the group of 
          escaped monsters.

          This is a simple monster battle up against these four. Bring in six
          units and engage. I'd suggest bringing in a Hunter with Capture if
          you actually want any new monsters. If you haven't caught a Coeurl
          yet, now would be a really good time to. The most difficult enemy
          here thus far would be the Coeurl in the back. You will want to 
          avoid Blaster the best you possibly can.

          The Ahriman doesn't pose too much of a threat. Circle might be 
          annoying, but it holds low Attack power so you shouldn't have too
          much trouble with it. The Big Malboro is a whole different story
          however. Bad Breath is one of the most annoying moves in the game,
          as it is capable of inflicting a number of status ailments on you
          at one turn. Finally, the Red Cap can be slightly dangerous, but
          nothing special. 
 
          Defeat all monsters to win. If you want to capture, go ahead and
          use that Hunter. Defeat (or capture) all monsters to win the 
          mission. 

     #101 Clan Roundup ~
     =---------------=
          Bandit clans are stealing work and attacking without warning! They're
          giving us clans a bad name. Help us round them up.
                                 ~ Clan Center

          Type: Encounter
          Info Cost: 600 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #4 Desert Peril.
          Reward/s: 4600 Gil, 2x Random Item
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     - 
          Available for: 25 Days

          Difficulty: Medium
          Enemies:    Thief
                      Archer
                      Warrior 
                      Black Mage
                      White Mage
 
          Upon meeting the bandit clan, he will ask you for 3,000 Gil and you
          won't have to engage. If you agree, they won't engage, but you will
          fail the mission. Don't pay the Gil and prepare yourself for a 
          battle.

          This is just like a normal clan engagement. You are up against a 
          clan of six who aren't too tough. Their Black Mage in the rear should
          not be much of a problem as he only knows third-rate Black Magic.
          However, the Warrior, Thief, and the Archer might cause some problems
          against you. You will want to particularly watch out for some of 
          their abilities. The Warrior's Greased Bolt is incredibly annoying,
          and the Archer holds Cupid, a move which inflicts Charm status on 
          your units.

          Target the White Mage first and then begin focusing on the Thief and
          the Archer. Once those three are defeated, take out the Warrior in 
          the back and of course, finish off the Black Mage. If you let this
          battle run too slowly, it will become much harder. Basically, the
          quicker you finish off the more powerful units, the better. 

     #102 Wyrms Awaken ~
     =---------------=
          The dragons sleeping in Roda Volcano are awake and heading towards
          Baguba! Please help us hold them off.
                                 ~ Delia Royal Watchpost

          Type: Encounter
          Info Cost: 2700 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #17 Desert Patrol. 
          Reward/s: 22600 Gil, 2x Random Items, 2x Random Cards
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     - 
          Available for: 35 Days

          Difficulty: Slightly Hard
          Enemies:    Icedrake
                      Firewyrm x2
                      Thundrake x2

          Find the blue soldier on the map (This is kind of contradictory as
          you are searching for dragons) and run into him. Obviously, seeing
          as dragons aren't very negotiating creatures, you automatically get
          sent into battle without a second thought. Well, I guess it's time 
          to stop these wyrms. 

          In this particular battle, you are facing the wyrms of every
          element (Fire, Ice, Thunder). Therefore, if you are sending in a 
          Black Mage, be sure he is capable of casting all three elements.
          Along with some magic-casters, I would suggest a few physical units
          thrown around in there somewhere to comprehend with the Dragons'
          heavy Weapon Attack. These Dragons aren't easy, so be sure your 
          units are well-leveled and equipped. 

          First things first, the single Icedrake is one of the most difficult
          to defeat of this crowd. With heavy Weapon Attack, you can be sure
          that it can deal quite some damage. In terms of abilities: Mighty
          Guard raises Resistance and Defense, and Ice Breath delivers an icy
          aura. Both Firewyrms hold Guard-Off which throws off the Defense
          and Resistance of one of your units along with Fire Breath which 
          is self-explanatory. Finally, the Thundrakes have Dragon Force which
          increases Attack and Power, along with you guessed it, Bolt Breath.
 
          There really is no secret in terms of defeating these Dragons.
          Both Magic Power and Weapon Attack work fine, but I find it best to 
          mix them together. Just remember that the Icedrake isn't effected
          by Ice attacks, the Firewyrms aren't effected by Fire attacks, and
          the Thundrakes aren't effected by Thunder attacks. Apart from that,
          you can just go crazy. 

     #103 Mythril Rush ~
     =---------------=
          Professor Auggie's found a mythril vein in Tubola Cave using one
          of his new inventions! Talk to him -- you might get rich!

          Type: Encounter
          Info Cost: 1000 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #63 Missing Prof. 
          Reward/s: 7000 Gil, Secret Item (Silvril), 1x Random Card
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     - 
          Available for: -

          Difficulty: Medium
          Enemies:    Fencer
                      Juggler
                      Illusionist
                      Sage (Auggie)

          Professor Auggie, after the Tubola Cave experience, has apparently
          made himself rich through discovering a mythril vein. Approach his
          group on the world map and he will offer to sell you some mythril
          for 10,000 Gil. Since it is so much more easier just taking it, 
          select "Just take it." Seeing as we had saved Professor Auggie from 
          trouble two times in a row already, we are to punish his 
          ungratefulness. An act of treason? Nah, we just need the mythril. 
          All aquaintenances aside, bring in six units and engage Auggie's
          team. 

          Auggie's team is evenly mixed between physical and magic. The Viera
          Fencer will most likely pose the least threat to your team. Although
          excelling in Weapon Attack, she fails to deliver a large enough 
          threat. Swallowtail deals damage to all surrounding units, 
          Piercethrough mimics a spear jab extending two tiles ahead, and 
          Nighthawk is a standard ranged attack. Fight moves won't work either
          as Reflex will simply nullify them.

          The other pseudo-physical unit is the Moogle Juggler. For a Juggler,
          he has surprisingly, fairly high Speed stats. As a Juggler, he can
          become a major danger especially with Ring which Stops units right
          in their tracks or Dagger which damages and Disables. Firebomb can
          be threatening against those units that don't rely on Fight moves,
          Ball Confuses on contact, and Smile automatically gives an ally the
          next turn.

          Professor Auggie's right-hand-man is an Illusionist. His Phantasm
          Skill consists of Star Cross which deals Holy damage to all units,
          Stardust which rains meteors on all units, Soil Evidence which deals
          Earth damage to all units, and Wild Tornado which deals Wind damage
          to all units. However, the Illusionist does have a weakness. Because
          of the high cost of MP for each Phantasm Skill, taking out his MP
          should disable him. 

          Auggie himself is a disappointment somewhat. Being the super-Sage
          he should be, his abilities state otherwise. However, that doesn't
          mean that you shouldn't watch out for him. Water and Aero are the
          two standard offensive spells. They shouldn't pose much of a threat.
          Giga Flare on the other hand is much more devastating. Don't group
          your units together or you will fall to a full-powered Giga Flare
          blast.

          Because of the fact that your opponents are evenly mixed in magic
          and physical attacks, dealing with them all at once can be dificult.
          You might find it better to work in steps. For example, casting 
          Reflect on an ally will disable magic spells against that unit. Take
          out the physical units and the Reflected unit will be invincible 
          against magic spells. Defeat all enemies and steal Auggie's mythril.
          Heheh. 

     #104 Stolen Scoop ~ 
     =---------------=
          Someone stole my latest scoop article, and I'll bet it was those
          guys at the Sprohm News. Get them before they reach Sprohm!
                                 ~ Eraile, Daily Baguba

          Type: Encounter
          Info Cost: 1200 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #16 The Big Find. 
          Reward/s: 9000 Gil, 1x Random Item, 2x Random Cards
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     - 
          Available for: 25 Days

          Difficulty: Easy
          Enemies:    Fencer
                      Soldier
                      Thief x2
                      White Monk

          Find those scoop stealers and they will offer to give you an amount
          of Gil if you let them off. Obviously, we'd rather fight than take
          the easy way out, so refuse the deal and begin the battle. Luckily,
          this is going to be easy. 

          We are up against five opponents. Bring in six of your own and 
          start the engagement. You are up against a Fencer, a Warrior, a 
          Soldier, two Thieves, and a White Monk. The first of them, the 
          Viera Fencer has only three abilities. Swallowtail is a radius-
          damage, Piercethrough is basically a Rapier thrusting two tiles
          out like a Spear, and Nighthawk is a ranged attack similar to 
          Mog Lance or Air Render.
 
          The Bangaa White Monk might pose a threat (It wouldn't even be a 
          threat if you know what you're doing). Earth Render damages all 
          enemies lined up directly in front of him, Chakra is a self-heal
          move, Revive brings up his allies obviously, and finally, Holy
          Sign basically Dispels all status enhancements from your allie, so
          don't think you can get through that with your status enhancers. 

          Both Thieves have some standard Steal abilities. You do not want
          them taking any valuable items from you. Luckily, they can't Steal
          abilities nor weapons. Further ahead, you might find a Soldier.
          Luckily, he won't pose any danger whatsoever. His techniques 
          consists of First Aid, Mug, and Provoke. Unless he happens to 
          Berserk your entire team, I doubt you will find him too much of a
          threat. 

          This is an easy battle at this point. Your enemies are lacking in
          abilities obviously. Use whatever stance you'd like and drop all
          enemies to get that scoop back. Well, at least you saved Baguba's
          scoop. Yay...!

     #105 Smuggle Bust ~
     =---------------=
          We suspect a clan is smuggling rare monsters in boxes, but we can't
          move until we have proof! Can you look into it?
                                 ~ Dellar, Palace Guard

          Type: Encounter
          Info Cost: 2000 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #16 The Big Find. 
          Reward/s: 13600 Gil, Secret Item (Chocobo Skin), 1x Random Item, 2x
                    Random Cards 
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     - 
          Available for: 40 Days

          Difficulty:  
          Enemies:    Hunter
                      Beastmaster
                      Malboro x2
                      Mystery Box x2

          Find the blue wanderer on the world map, and run into him to stop
          him. Like so many previous encounters, the Nu Mou will attempt to
          bribe you by offering Chocobo Skin. Because we can take the Chocobo
          Skin along with defeating these smugglers, you should take the 
          "Sorry, no deal" selection. Engage of course.

          Let's see here. What exactly proves to us that the particular 
          Beastmaster that attempted to bribe us before really was smuggling
          some illegal monsters? Well, unless our Nu Mou friend likes to send
          Mexican jumping beans in boxes, you can nearly be sure that those
          crates hold some not-so-legal creatures. And yet, he still claims
          he has nothing. Bring in six units and prepare yourselves for the
          inevitable battle.

          The only two units in this battle you should really take too 
          seriously would be the Beastmaster and the Hunter. The two Malboros
          are easily Disabled or Blinded so you can bypass them for the 
          moment. The Nu Mou of this battle may not hold any A-Abilities
          apart from a few useless Control abilities. His Weapon Attack is 
          in the 300s which is probably higher than your physical units at
          the moment. Just stay far away without letting him get a strike on
          you.

          The Hunter is a whole different story however. His Weapon Attack 
          is very high and can possibly KO your weaker units within a single
          shot. In terms of Hunt abilities, he holds Sonic Boom, an aura
          damaging shot which can easily cripple your units if you happen to
          place them around in large groups. Aim: Vitals inflicts a random
          status ailment, and Addle disallows your unit to use A-Abilities. 
          Obviously, Weapon Atk+ makes this Hunter's arrows even more deadly.
 
          The Malboros play no more than cannon fodder in this battle. Bad
          Breath is an annoying move though. Once its in range, the enemy
          Malboro can use Bad Breath to inflict a number of status ailments
          on you at a time. Although particularly exasperating, it's nothing
          that an Esuna spell or a Cureall can't heal. Along with that, Goo
          can Immobilize you. 

          That pretty much sums it up for the real opponents. If you are
          lucky, the Hunter will be the closest enemy. You should take him
          out before he happens to pick apart your team one by one. The
          Beastmaster, as explained before, holds high Attack Power so you
          might want to use ranged attacks or send units with heavy Weapon
          Defense. Once the threats are destroyed, you can simply demolish
          the boxes to capture this particular smuggling group. 

     #106 Resistance ~
     =-------------=
          There's an underground resistance, trading anti-laws to defy the
          palace's rule! Try trading, you might get something good!
                                 ~ Ezel

          Type: Encounter
          Info Cost: 1200 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: Gossip with Ezel at Cadoan Card Keeper. 
          Reward/s: 6000 Gil, 2x Random Item, 1x Random Card
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     - 
          Available for: 25 Days

          Difficulty: Easy
          Enemies:    Fighter
                      Warrior
                      Time Mage
                      Thief (Thomson)

          Find the traveling Law Card carrier, and he will offer a trade for
          his Antilaw versus your Pheonix Down. Since we like fighting so 
          much, we prefer to get our Antilaw for free. Demand and you will
          engage.

          Eh, this battle shouldn't be much trouble for you. It's six of your
          members against a group of four. Your enemies consist of three 
          physical units along with a Time Mage, who is probably just there
          for kicks. The closest enemy to you as of the start is a Warrior. 
          He has both Warrior abilities, and some Gladiator A-Abilities as 
          well. The Fighter has fairly high attack power, and the Thief knows
          the Ninja A-Ability, Throw.

          Focus on the Time Mage, as it is the easiest to take out. The Warrior
          should also be prioritized. Your opponents here are really pretty 
          easy. Defeat all four, and you can take that Antilaw for free, 
          instead of having to "pay" for your advantage. 

     #107 Old Friends ~
     =--------------=
          We've run into a tough blade biter, and well, we've bit off more
          than we can chew! Please help!
                                 ~ Ritz

          Type: Encounter
          Info Cost: 600 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #18 Quiet Sands. 
          Reward/s: 4600 Gil, Beastspear, 1x Random Card
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     - 
          Available for: 25 Days

          Difficulty: Easy
          Enemies:    Bomb
                      Antlion
                      Blade Biter

          Once you find Ritz, Marche will denote the fact that she seems 
          worried. Then he goes all off-topic about a Blue Rose calming the
          soul. Anyway, if you have a Blue Rose, give it to Ritz for an 
          Allmighty antilaw. Either way, you engage so whatever.

          This mission is easy mainly because you have Ritz's entire clan on
          your side. Your enemies consist of three monsters. The Bomb is a 
          standard-issue monster holding Flame Attack obviously. The Antlion
          is also fairly weak with LV3 Def-less (lowers Defense and Resistance
          of units with levels divisible by 3) and Sandstorm. The Blade Biter
          is the main problem obviously. Even so, it isn't that tough. Munch
          breaks your ally's weapons so beware. Limit Glove deals 999 damage
          when the Blade Biter is critical.
 
          The Antlion and Bomb are easy enough to defeat no matter what you
          throw against them. Like all Rockbeast, the Blade Biter has 
          exceptional Weapon Defense, but it lacks in Magic Resistance. 
          Use high-powered magic spells against it to save Ritz's clan and
          receiving the Beastspear. 

     #108 Poachers ~
     =-----------=
          Oh, the fur of the kudik tiger -- that sheen! That silky feel! It's
          hard to come by, unless you happen to know a good poacher...
                                 ~ Flore, Ample Noblewoman

          Type: Encounter
          Info Cost: 1600 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #52 Friend Trouble. 
          Reward/s: 11400 Gil, Secret Item (Tiger Hide), 1x Random Item, 2x
                    Random Cards 
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     - 
          Available for: 25 Days

          Difficulty: Slightly Hard
          Enemies:    Archer x2
                      Gunner x2
                      Hunter x2

          Hmph, poachers huh? Find the walking group along the world map, and
          he'll offer to sell you a skin for 3,000 Gil. Since we don't like
          paying for our stuff, let's start by giving him the cold eye. Prepare
          for a fight.

          Take a look from the start of the battle to learn that every single
          one of your enemies is capable of long-range attack! With that, you
          shouldn't bother with trying to Immobilize a unit as they will be
          able to attack you anyhow. Bring in six units and get the battle
          started.

          Your enemies here consist of two Gunners, two Archers, and two 
          Hunters. The Archers hold a few status ailmenting abilities including
          Aim: Legs which Immobilizes, Aim: Arm which Disables, and Cupid which
          Charms. They also hold Concentrate which greatly increases their 
          accuracy. Therefore, the chances of them landing a Cupid on you are
          pretty high. Both Archers should be prioritized.
 
          Our Gunners are also very dangerous. They hold status ailmenting
          shots just as well and are capable of Confusing, Charming, Blinding,
          and Silencing your units. Like the other Archers, they also hold
          Concentrate which automatically boosts their accuracy up. The Hunters
          have Sonic Boom, a ranged attack with a damage radius, Advice which
          increases an ally's critical hit percentage, and Auto-Regen which
          annoyingly heals their HP every turn.

          As I said, the Gunners and Archers should be taken out first so you
          won't have to deal with their status ailments later. It would be 
          wise to bring in a White Mage capable of healing status as Charm
          can seriously hurt you. Watch out for the Hunter's heavy Attack 
          power, and basically, keep your units alive to defeat these poachers
          and get the Tiger Hide. 

     #109 Snow Fairy ~
     =-------------=
          Signs of snow spotted! When the earth shines in seven hues, the snow
          fairies appear. Watch the weather with care. 

          Type: Encounter
          Info Cost: 1200
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #13 The Bounty. 
          Reward/s: 9000 Gil, 1x Random Item, 2x Random Cards
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     - 
          Available for: 20 Days

          Difficulty: Easy
          Enemies:    Sprite
                      Grenade
                      Ice Flan

          Like the other Encounter missions, you are looking for a certain
          figure on the world map. Find the Snow Fairy, and she'll hit a 
          wave of nostalgia. Choose "No sweets!" and engage.

          You are up against the Snow Fairy along with two of her icy friends.
          Bring in six units. Now wait just a second, did I say six units
          against three weakling monsters? Yes, you will find that this battle
          is very simple indeed. Your Snow Fairy holds only White Wind and 
          Counter while the Grenade has Chill and Blowup. The Ice Flan has
          Acid and Blizzard.

          This mission is a joke. There's no trick here, but to simply defeat
          everyone. Don't forget to use ONLY magic on the Ice Flan. Defeat
          every monster on the battlefield to win this very, very easy 
          mission. 

     #110 Revenge ~
     =----------=
          H-Help! A man named Weaver wants me dead. Yes, it was my fault
          his family died, but I've repented!
                                 ~ Celebrant, Gelzak Church

          Type: Encounter
          Info Cost: 700 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #287 Weaver's War. 
          Reward/s: 13600 Gil, 2x Random Items, 2x Random Cards
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     - 
          Available for: 25 Days

          Difficulty: Medium
          Enemies:    Archer
                      Gladiator
                      Black Mage
                      Fighter x2 (Weaver)
  
          If you waited until much later in the game to complete this mission,
          this battle will be very easy. Anyhow, Weaver is a vengeful Fighter
          who will stop at nothing to slay the man who was responsible for his
          family's death. Before he turns into a homicidal maniac, we better
          stop him. 

          Weaver's group is well-balanced... sort of. The Archer is the long-
          ranged attacker of this group. Aim: Legs and Aim: Arms are very
          annoying as they are capable of Immobilizing and Disabling you. 
          The Bangaa Gladiator has legitimate Weapon Attack (for a Gladiator)
          along with the three Spellblades. If you have any elemental 
          weaknesses, you'd probably want to avoid Fire Sword, Bolt Sword, or
          Ice Sword.

          The Black Mage can become problematic, but he is easily defeated
          if you chase him. The double-Fighters are very dangerous. Weaver,
          the boss must be defeated to complete the mission. Weapon Atk+ makes
          him dangerous to your group. Weaver is easily stopped if you push
          all effort against him. 

     #111 Retrieve Mail! ~
     =-----------------=
          I mis-sorted the mail, and now the delivery man's off to Cadoan!
          Stop that mail, use ANY MEANS NECESSARY. I'll take responsibility.
                                 ~ Marko, Mail Sorter

          Type: Encounter
          Info Cost: 2400 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #11 Pale Company
          Reward/s: 11400 Gil, 1x Random Item, 2x Random Cards
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     - 
          Available for: 25 Days

          Difficulty: Easy
          Enemies:    Gunner
                      Archer
                      Soldier
                      Animist
                      Warrior

          Find the letter-bearer on the world map, and quickly "Grab the Mail."
          The mail deliverers really want to finish their jobs, so you can
          expect they won't just hand it to you. Prepare for an engagement.

          You are up against five enemy units at the moment. For the most part,
          they are generic jobs without any redeeming qualities. You might 
          have some trouble with the Gunner and his Charmshot, Confushot, etc.
          A-Abilities. He also holds Concentrate, but if you can possibly
          Blind him, he will be much easier to avoid. The enemy units hold 
          many abilities, but nothing you haven't seen before. Take out all of
          them and retrieve the mail. Easy. 

     #112 A Challenge ~
     =--------------=
          Yo, Clan [Your Clan Name]. You're quite popular lately. There's still
          time for you to join us at Clan Bahan... or else!
                                 ~ Mintz, Deputy Clan Boss

          Type: Encounter
          Info Cost: 600 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #4 Desert Peril.
          Reward/s: 4200 Gil, 2x Random Items
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   Negotiate/Lvl.4
          Req. Jobs:     - 
          Available for: 25 Days

          Difficulty: Slightly Hard
          Enemies:    Thief
                      Archer
                      White Mage
                      Black Mage
                      Soldier (Mintz)

          Find the Clan Baham, and they will ask for you to join their clan,
          or face engagement. If you are a girly-man, you probably chose to
          join their clan, which will not only fail you the mission, but change
          your clan title to Baham. Pfft, time to engage.

          This battle is not too hard, but it can cause some trouble. The 
          main problem here is the Soldier, Mintz. Yes, he's the annoying one
          who actually acts as if he has a chance against you. Beware of the
          fact that Mintz has not only the four statistic "Break" attacks, but
          some Fighter techs too. The Black Mage and the Thief should be
          neglected for the most part, as they don't hold anything redeeming 
          or any noticeable abilities. The Archer can become particularly 
          annoying with Aim: Arm, Aim: Leg, and his S-Ability, Concentrate, 
          really can mess you up when comboed with those status ailmenting 
          Aim attacks.  

          Take out the Archer first obviously, followed by the White Mage.
          If Mintz ever gets in your path, take him down as quickly as 
          possible. With the Archer and Mintz down, the battle will be very
          easy. A cakewalk. Defeat all of your enemies and win the mission
          to keep your clan title! 
                     

     #113 Watching You ~
     =---------------=
          I think I'm being watched. People say I'm just paranoid, but I've 
          been hearing flapping wings at night! Please investigate. 
                                 ~ Titi, Shy Student

          Type: Dispatch
          Info Cost: 400 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #3 The Cheetahs. 
          Reward/s: 2800 Gil, Ahriman Eye, 1x Random Item
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     -
          Dispatch Time: 2 Battles

     #114 Golden Gil ~
     =-------------=
          I want you to research the origin of the golden gil in my shop. If 
          it's really from the Age of Kings, it could be good for sales. 
                                 ~ Shopkeeper, The Golden Gil

          Type: Dispatch
          Info Cost: 800 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #10 Emerald Keep. 
          Reward/s: 6400 Gil, Ancient Coins, 1x Random Item
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     -
          Dispatch Time: 20 Days

     #115 Dueling Sub ~
     =--------------=
          I've been challenged to a duel, but I'm scared. Will you go in my
          place? Just pretend to be me, OK?
                                 ~ Viscount Gatt

          Type: Dispatch
          Info Cost: 300 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #1 Herb Picking. 
          Reward/s: 1800 Gil, 1x Random Item 
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     Soldier
          Dispatch Time: 3 Days

     #116 Gulug Ghost ~
     =--------------=
          We need someone to offer holy water at the shrine on the old
          Gulug Volcano. The female ghost is up to her old tricks again.
                                 ~ Oktoma, Townsperson

          Type: Dispatch
          Info Cost: 1600 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #20 Present Day. Huntmoon
                      only. 
          Reward/s: 11800 Gil, Fire Sigil, 1x Random Item, 1x Random Card
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     -
          Dispatch Time: 2 Battles

     #117 Water City ~
     =-------------=
          A legendary city of water lies at the bottom of Bisebina Lake.
          We need constant updates -- please dive and report.
                                 ~ Hickle, Legend Researcher

          Type: Dispatch
          Info Cost: 1000 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #20 Present Day. Madmoon
                      only. 
          Reward/s: 11800 Gil, Water Sigil, 1x Random Item, 1x Random Card
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     -
          Dispatch Time: 2 Battles

     #118 Mirage Tower ~
     =---------------=
          They say there's a mirage tower in the desert, where you can find 
          crystalized wind! The wind's good this year, maybe some's there?
                                 ~ Bran, Streetear

          Type: Dispatch
          Info Cost: 1600 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #20 Present Day. Bardmoon
                      only. 
          Reward/s: 11800 Gil, Wind Sigil, 1x Random Item, 1x Random Card
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     -
          Dispatch Time: 2 Battles

     #119 A Barren Land ~
     =----------------=
          There is a barren land to the east, where no grass will grow. I
          want to know why! Bring me soil, as much as you can.
                                 ~ Powell, Researcher

          Type: Dispatch
          Info Cost: 1600 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #20 Present Day. Sagemoon
                      only. 
          Reward/s: 13200 Gil, Earth Sigil, 1x Random Item, 1x Random Card
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     -
          Dispatch Time: 1 Battle

     #120 Cadoan Meet ~
     =--------------=
          Mages! Want to compete in the Cadoan Mage Tourney? The tourney
          will be split by class in a fight to see who's the strongest!
                                 ~ Mage Tourney Committee

          Type: Dispatch
          Info Cost: 1000 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #20 Present Day. 
          Reward/s: 10600 Gil, Magic Trophy, 1x Random Item, Secret Item
                    (1x Random Card)
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     Black Mage
          Dispatch Time: 1 Battle

     #121 Sprohm Meet ~
     =--------------=
          The Sprohm Battle Tourney is accepting contestants. Fight for 
          glory and honor! We've also prepared the usual monetary award...
                                 ~ Battle Tourney Committee

          Type: Dispatch
          Info Cost: 600 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #16 The Big Find. 
          Reward/s: 4200 Gil, Fight Trophy, 1x Random Item, Secret Item
                    (1x Random Card)
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     Fighter
          Dispatch Time: 1 Battle

     #122 Run For Fun ~
     =--------------=
          There will be a sporting event at our academy soon, but missing one
          member for our popular marathon team. Looking for a replacement.
                                 ~ Pollan, Blue Team Leader

          Type: Dispatch
          Info Cost: 600 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #7 Diamond Rain. 
          Reward/s: 5200 Gil, Sport Trophy, 1x Random Item, 2x Random Cards
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     Juggler
          Dispatch Time: 1 Battle

     #123 Hungry Ghost ~
     =---------------=
          A hungry ghost hound is causing a panic at the Earlchad Monastery
          and raiding the pantry. Please put it to rest.
                                 ~ Baldi, Head Monk

          Type: Dispatch
          Info Cost: 900 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #6 Antilaws. 
          Reward/s: 4200 Gil, Elda's Cup, 1x Random Item, 2x Random Cards 
          Req. Items:    Dragon Bone
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     -
          Dispatch Time: 10 Days

     #124 Pirates Ahoy ~
     =---------------=
          We have reports that a large pirate band will be passing through our
          waters soon. We need good steel and young muscles!
                                 ~ Wilhem, Coast Guard

          Type: Dispatch
          Info Cost: 800 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #10 Emerald Keep. 
          Reward/s: 6400 Gil, Coast Medal, 1x Random Item, 2x Random Cards
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     -
          Dispatch Time: 2 Battles

     #125 Castle Sit-In ~
     =----------------=
          A group of youths are protest the capture of their friends at a 
          castle in the south. Talk sense into them!
                                 ~ Hansrich, Security Chief

          Type: Dispatch
          Info Cost: 600 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #8 Hot Awakening. Huntmoon
                      only.
          Reward/s: 4600 Gil, Guard Medal, 1x Random Item, 2x Random Cards
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     -
          Dispatch Time: 1 Battle

     #126 Wine Delivery ~
     =----------------=
          Looking for brave souls who will bring wine to sooth the parched
          throats of our heroes in battle. Come equipped for combat.
                                 ~ Devon, War Council Officer

          Type: Dispatch
          Info Cost: 1000 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #15 Scouring Time.
          Reward/s: 7000 Gil, Rainbowite, 1x Random Item, 2x Random Cards
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     -
          Dispatch Time: 10 Days

     #127 Broken Tunes ~
     =---------------=
          I've broken my lady's favorite music box. Please, repair it if
          you can. I would so much like to see her smile again.
                                 ~ Tirara, Maidservant

          Type: Dispatch
          Info Cost: 1000 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #276 Good Bread.
          Reward/s: 11400 Gil, Cat's Tears, 1x Random Item, 2x Random Cards
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     -
          Dispatch Time: 15 Days

     #128 Falcon Flown ~
     =---------------=
          My best hunting falcon, "Hyperion", has been gone for a day.
          Perhaps he is looking for his late master? Please find him!
                                 ~ Arno, Falconer

          Type: Dispatch
          Info Cost: 1400 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #18 Quiet Sands. 
          Reward/s: 11400 Gil, Dame's Blush, 1x Random Item, 2x Random Cards
          Req. Items:    Skull
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     -
          Dispatch Time: 10 Days

     #129 Danger Pass ~
     =--------------=
          Bandits are active in Goras Pass and are cutting off our trade 
          routes. Please stop them before we go out of business!
                                 ~ Feugo, Wilhem & Co. 

          Type: Dispatch
          Info Cost: 1500 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #165 Hundred-Eye. 
          Reward/s: 7800 Gil, Thunderstone, 1x Random Item, 2x Random Cards
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     -
          Dispatch Time: 15 Enemies

     #130 Mist Stars ~
     =-------------=
          Many of our children have never seen the stars due to the mists that
          cover our land most of the year. Can you help us?
                                 ~ Ulg, Astronomer

          Type: Dispatch
          Info Cost: 1200 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #16 The Big Find. 
          Reward/s: 9000 Gil, Stormstone, 1x Random Item, 2x Random Cards
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     -
          Dispatch Time: 2 Battles

     #131 Adaman Alloy ~
     =---------------=
          I'm afraid we've run out of adamantite. We can't run a business
          like this! Find us some, and I will make adaman alloy for you.
                                 ~ Elbo, Workshop Vargi

          Type: Dispatch
          Info Cost: 2000 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #13 The Bounty. 
          Reward/s: 0 Gil, Adaman Alloy, 1x Random Item, 2x Random Cards
          Req. Items:    Adamantite/Adamantite
          Req. Skills:   Smithing/Lvl.15
          Req. Jobs:     -
          Dispatch Time: 2 Battles

     #132 Mysidia Alloy ~
     =----------------=
          Now taking orders for mysidia alloy. Only 10 orders can be filled, 
          first come first served. Thank you.
                                 ~ Deunon, Workshop Rool

          Type: Dispatch
          Info Cost: 2000 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #12 Jagd Hunt. 
          Reward/s: 0 Gil, Mysidia Alloy, 1x Random Item, 2x Random Cards
          Req. Items:    Adamantite/Sivril
          Req. Skills:   Smithing/Lvl.15
          Req. Jobs:     -
          Dispatch Time: 15 Days
 
     #133 Crusite Alloy ~
     =----------------=
          It's time for us to get back to work. Bring us good materials and 
          we'll make you the best crusite alloy gil can buy!
                                 ~ Sabak, Workshop Berk

          Type: Dispatch
          Info Cost: 1800 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #11 Pale Company.  
          Reward/s: 0 Gil, Crusite Alloy, 1x Random Item, 2x Random Cards
          Req. Items:    Zodiac Ore/Zodiac Ore
          Req. Skills:   Smithing/Lvl.15
          Req. Jobs:     -
          Dispatch Time: 10 Days

     #134 Faceless Dolls ~
     =-----------------=
          I found a creepy road in the Ophanwood with faceless dolls all
          lined up. I can't bring myself to walk past -- are they safe?
                                 ~ Edist, Taylor

          Type: Dispatch
          Info Cost: 2000 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #18 Quiet Sands. 
          Reward/s: 10800 Gil, Blood Shawl, 1x Random Item, 2x Random Cards
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     -
          Dispatch Time: 10 Enemies

     #135 Faithful Fairy ~
     =-----------------=
          I quit work, but I'm still concerned about my old co-workers.
          Please bring them fairy wings that they may sweep in style. 
                                 ~ Mables, Former Maidservant

          Type: Dispatch
          Info Cost: 1000 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #19 Materite Now. 
          Reward/s: 10000 Gil, Ahriman Wing, 1x Random Item, 2x Random Cards
          Req. Items:    Fairy Wing
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     -
          Dispatch Time: 10 Enemies

     #136 For The Lady ~
     =---------------=
          A large amount of gil, meant to pay for the Lady Tiana's medicine, 
          has been stolen from Baron Ianna, and he wants it back.
                                 ~ Carnen, Streetear

          Type: Dispatch
          Info Cost: 1200 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #19 Materite Now. 
          Reward/s: 10600 Gil, Fairy Wing, 1x Random Item, 2x Random Cards
          Req. Items:    Stolen Gil
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     -
          Dispatch Time: 2 Battles

     #137 Seven Nights ~
     =---------------=
          My teacher's secret recipe says "stir without rest for seven days 
          and seven nights." Will someone please stir for me!?
                                 ~ Hihat, Alchemist Adept

          Type: Dispatch
          Info Cost: 1600 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #18 Quiet Sands. 
          Reward/s: 11800 Gil, Goldcap, 1x Random Item, 2x Random Cards
          Req. Items:    Ancient Bills
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     -
          Dispatch Time: 15 Days

     #138 Shady Deals ~
     =--------------=
          Selbaden Church is up to something. The Father has been meeting
          in secret with merchant types. I bet there's shady deals afoot.
                                 ~ Sayen, Townsperson

          Type: Dispatch
          Info Cost: 1000 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #281 Janitor Duty.  
          Reward/s: 10600 Gil, Life Water, 1x Random Item
          Req. Items:    Secret Books
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     -
          Dispatch Time: 10 Days

     #139 Earthy Colors ~
     =----------------=
          I restored artwork for a living, but I'm out of paints. I need some 
          rock from the mountains... Only the hardy need apply. 
                                 ~ Rosseni, Atelier Wite

          Type: Dispatch
          Info Cost: 400 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #3 The Cheetahs. 
          Reward/s: 2800 Gil, Ancient Text, 1x Random Item
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     -
          Dispatch Time: 5 Days

     #140 Lost Heirloom ~
     =----------------=
          Please retrieve Estel's heirloom from the HQ of the greedy "Neighbor"
          merchant network! Justice must be done!
                                 ~ Fago, Ally of Justice

          Type: Dispatch
          Info Cost: 800 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #9 Magic Wood.  
          Reward/s: 6000 Gil, Justice Badge, 2x Random Items, 1x Random Card
          Req. Items:    Neighbor Pin
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     -
          Dispatch Time: 3 Battles

     #141 Young Love ~
     =-------------=
          I must tell her how I feel yet I lack the courage to lift a quill. 
          Perhaps the air-light feather from an ahriman wing would do.
                                 ~ Hernie, Timid Youth

          Type: Dispatch
          Info Cost: 1600 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #22 To Ambervale.  
          Reward/s: 13200 Gil, Friend Pin, 1x Random Item, 2x Random Cards
          Req. Items:    Ahriman Wing
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     -
          Dispatch Time: 10 Days

     #142 Ghosts Of War ~
     =----------------=
          The wails of a soldier's ghost are troubling folk near the ruins
          of a church on an old battlefield in the east. Please help.
                                 ~ Marvin, Town Official

          Type: Dispatch
          Info Cost: 1400 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #22 To Ambervale.  
          Reward/s: 12400 Gil, Edaroya Tome, 1x Random Item 
          Req. Items:    Tranquil Box
          Req. Skills:   Track/Lvl.40
          Req. Jobs:     -
          Dispatch Time: 10 Days

     #143 The Last Day ~
     =---------------=
          My whole class's "Ancient Studies" homework was stolen! If he had
          some ancient object, we could do it again... Help! 
                                 ~ Babins, 4th Grade Swords

          Type: Dispatch
          Info Cost: 200 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #1 Herb Picking. 
          Reward/s: 1800 Gil, Homework, 1x Random Item
          Req. Items:    Ancient Medal 
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     -
          Dispatch Time: 5 Days

     #144 The Bell Tolls ~
     =-----------------=
          They're rebuilding the Sart Clocktower that burned the other day. 
          Never know what you might find in the rubble, eh?
                                 ~ Tysner, Streetear

          Type: Dispatch
          Info Cost: 1800 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #17 Desert Patrol. 
          Reward/s: 9000 Gil, Dictionary, 1x Random Item
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     -
          Dispatch Time: 10 Days

     #145 Goblin Town ~
     =--------------=
          A goblin stole my favorite monster guide and buried it under a rock!
          I'll give you a copy if you get mine back for me!
                                 ~ Ian, Inquisitive Youth 

          Type: Dispatch
          Info Cost: 400 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #4 Desert Peril.  
          Reward/s: 3600 Gil, Monster Guide, 1x Random Item
          Req. Items:    Mythril Pick
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     -
          Dispatch Time: 1 Battle

     #146 Secret Books ~
     =---------------=
          We got the secret books proving Selbaden Church's shady deals,
          but I'm scared they'll find it! How can I relax!?
                                 ~ Anonymous

          Type: Dispatch
          Info Cost: 1600 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #22 To Ambervale.   
          Reward/s: 11400 Gil, Secret Books, 1x Random Item, 2x Random Cards
          Req. Items:    Stilpool Scroll
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     -
          Dispatch Time: 10 Days

     #147 Words Of Love ~
     =----------------=
          Ah, Locuna! I am but a servant, and you a noble's daughter. Our
          love cannot be, but I must tell you how I feel! Poem, anyone?
                                 ~ Cristo, Lovestruck Youth

          Type: Dispatch
          Info Cost: 2000 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #18 Quiet Sands.   
          Reward/s: 10000 Gil, Rat Tail, 1x Random Item
          Req. Items:    Stilpool Scroll
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     -
          Dispatch Time: 10 Days

     #148 You, Immortal ~
     =----------------=
          Looking for someone to model for a statue to be put in the Royal
          Library's new wing. Youth, beauty, and physique a plus.
                                 ~ Cesare, Artist

          Type: Dispatch
          Info Cost: 600 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #6 Antilaws.  
          Reward/s: 4600 Gil, Stradivari, 1x Random Item, 2x Random Cards
          Req. Items:    Tonberry Lamp
          Req. Skills:   Craft/Lvl.10
          Req. Jobs:     -
          Dispatch Time: 30 Days

     #149 Clocktower ~
     =-------------=
          The town clocktower has been struck by lightning, and the 12:00
          gemstone lost. Need people to help with restoration.
                                 ~ Market Square Association

          Type: Dispatch
          Info Cost: 1000 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #16 The Big Find.  
          Reward/s: 11400 Gil, Clock Post, 1x Random Item, 2x Random Cards
          Req. Items:    Cat's Tears
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     Gadgeteer
          Dispatch Time: 20 Days

     #150 An Education ~
     =---------------=
          Nothing is more dear to me than my son, Lukel, yet he has never done
          well on tests. Won't someone tutor him?
                                 ~ Mrs. Kulel

          Type: Dispatch
          Info Cost: 600 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #6 Antilaws. 
          Reward/s: 3600 Gil, Fountain Pen, 1x Random Item, 2x Random Cards
          Req. Items:    - 
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     -
          Dispatch Time: 5 Days

     #151 Morning Woes ~
     =---------------=
          Our rooster, Nikki, has taken to crowing well before sunrise. Now 
          the neighbors are complaing! Won't someone please help?
                                 ~ Mulchin, Grocer

          Type: Dispatch
          Info Cost: 900 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #8 Hot Awakening. 
          Reward/s: 5200 Gil, Earplugs, 1x Random Item
          Req. Items:    - 
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     -
          Dispatch Time: 5 Days

     #152 Down To Earth ~
     =----------------=
          I have the incredible power to make things float just by looking at
          them. Problem is, I can't make them stop floating! Help!
                                 ~ Talkof, Psychic

          Type: Dispatch
          Info Cost: 200 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #4 Desert Peril. 
          Reward/s: 3400 Gil, Crystal, 1x Random Item
          Req. Items:    - 
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     -
          Dispatch Time: 5 Days

     #153 To Meden ~
     =-----------=
          I had a dog when I worked in the Meden Mines. Could you find her 
          bones and hold a memorial service in the mines for her?
                                 ~ Hugo, Baker

          Type: Dispatch
          Info Cost: 900 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #15 Scouring Time.
          Reward/s: 8200 Gil, Old Statue, 1x Random Item, 2x Random Cards
          Req. Items:    Animal Bone
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     -
          Dispatch Time: 20 Days

     #154 Neighbor! ~
     =------------=
          We're looking for a few good "neighbors"! Won't you join our world-
          wid network?
                                 ~ Pewl, Neighbor Network

          Type: Dispatch
          Info Cost: 600 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #10 Emerald Keep.  
          Reward/s: 5200 Gil, Neighbor Pin, 1x Random Item, 2x Random Cards
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     -
          Dispatch Time: 5 Days

     #155 Honor Lost ~
     =-------------=
          Some shady character are after our leader, Kerry! Can you help? 
          Please don't let anyone know we hired you.
                                 ~ Ed, Assistant Leader

          Type: Dispatch
          Info Cost: 800 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #7 Diamond Rain. 
          Reward/s: 5400 Gil, Broken Sword, 1x Random Item, 2x Random Cards
          Req. Items:    Bomb Shell
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     -
          Dispatch Time: 1 Battle

     #156 Inspiration ~
     =--------------=
          I can't think of a single plot hook! Not a word of dialogue!
          Somebody please bring me an action-packed adventure novel.
                                 ~ Ruel, Novelist Apprentice

          Type: Dispatch
          Info Cost: 800 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #12 Jagd Hunt. 
          Reward/s: 10000 Gil, Broken Sword, 1x Random Item, 2x Random Cards
          Req. Items:    Runba's Tale
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     -
          Dispatch Time: 1 Battle

     #157 Coo's Break ~
     =--------------=
          "Coo," the star of our Royal Zoo, has escaped and the zookeeper
          blames himself. An adventure novel should cheer him up.
                                 ~ Zoon, Zoomaster

          Type: Dispatch
          Info Cost: 1000 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #13 The Bounty. 
          Reward/s: 10000 Gil, Bent Sword, 1x Random Item, 2x Random Cards
          Req. Items:    Runba's Tale
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     -
          Dispatch Time: 5 Days

     #158 The Match ~
     =------------=
          Looking for someone to judge the final match in a historic fight.
          My blade vs. his spells! Current score: 100 to 100.
                                 ~ Nukkle, Soldier

          Type: Dispatch
          Info Cost: 1200 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #15 Scouring Time. 
          Reward/s: 8800 Gil, Rusty Spear, 1x Random Item, 2x Random Cards
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     -
          Dispatch Time: 2 Battles

     #159 The Deep Sea ~
     =---------------=
          Could you help me appraise a work by Clif Lusac, the Muse of the
          Sea? Someone said it's a fake! I'll give you a badge!
                                 ~ Olwen, Art Dealer

          Type: Dispatch
          Info Cost: 1600 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #21 Materite Now.  
          Reward/s: 11400 Gil, Feather Badge, 1x Random Item, 2x Random Cards
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     -
          Dispatch Time: 3 Battles

     #160 A Worthy Eye ~
     =---------------=
          Only a sharp eye can find the best items! If you need an "insignia,"
          bring me an item worthy of my eye!
                                 ~ E'oi the Elder

          Type: Dispatch
          Info Cost: 2700 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #11 Pale Company. 
          Reward/s: 0 Gil, Insignia, 1x Random Item, 2x Random Cards
          Req. Items:    Feather Badge/Delta Fang
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     -
          Dispatch Time: 15 Enemies

     #161 Lost In Mist ~
     =---------------=
          Our hill once called "The Sun's Home" is now called "The Hill of
          Mists." Can you find out why?
                                 ~ Nache, Townsperson

          Type: Dispatch
          Info Cost: 2000 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #17 Desert Patrol. 
          Reward/s: 10000 Gil, Ally Finder, 1x Random Item, 2x Random Cards
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     -
          Dispatch Time: 20 Days

     #162 Darn Kids ~
     =------------=
          Lately, kids have been forming gangs and beating up on other kids.
          Maybe if we distract them with something they'd stop. 
                                 ~ Victor, School Principal

          Type: Dispatch
          Info Cost: 2700 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #9 Magic Wood. 
          Reward/s: 11400 Gil, Ally Finder2, 1x Random Item, 2x Random Cards
          Req. Items:    Dame's Blush/Ally Finder
          Req. Skills:   Smithing/Lvl.20
          Req. Jobs:     -
          Dispatch Time: 1 Battle

     #163 Stage Fright ~
     =---------------=
          Needed: charm for curing stage fright. I want the cutest girl in
          town, Ms. Rina, to notice me in the play, but I'm too nervous!
                                 ~ Emporio, Young Actor

          Type: Dispatch
          Info Cost: 2000 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #18 Quiet Sands. 
          Reward/s: 10600 Gil, Tranquil Box, 1x Random Item
          Req. Items:    Old Statue
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     -
          Dispatch Time: 15 Days

     #164 Diary Dilemma ~
     =----------------= 
          My little brothers hid my diary somewhere in my house. I need you to 
          find it before -- gasp -- my parents do!!!
                                 ~ Edwina, Concerned Girl

          Type: Dispatch
          Info Cost: 400 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #5 Twisted Flow. 
          Reward/s: 3600 Gil, Loaded Dice, 1x Random Item
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     -
          Dispatch Time: 2 Battles

     #165 Hundred-Eye ~
     =--------------=
          The great hunter Hundred-Eye's daughter, Kailea, has just started
          hunting; but frankly, she sucks. Someone please train her!

          Type: Dispatch
          Info Cost: 1200 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #16 The Big Find. 
          Reward/s: 9000 Gil, Snake Shield, 1x Random Item, 2x Random Cards
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     -
          Dispatch Time: 5 Battles

     #166 Runaway Boy ~
     =--------------=
          Need someone to find a runaway child and give him some homeknit
          clothes. The clothes will be ready as soon as I find thread.
                                 ~ Gina, Marun Orphanage

          Type: Dispatch
          Info Cost: 800 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #9 Magic Wood. 
          Reward/s: 5400 Gil, Stasis Rope, 1x Random Item
          Req. Items:    Black Thread
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     -
          Dispatch Time: 10  Days

     #167 Mad Alchemist ~
     =----------------=
          Dig me a nice cave home. My bizarre experiments have earned me the
          moniker of "Mad Alchemist." Now I want to live alone.
                                 ~ Galdinas, Alchemist

          Type: Dispatch
          Info Cost: 400 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #3 The Cheetahs. 
          Reward/s: 3400 Gil, Mythril Pick, 1x Random Item
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     -
          Dispatch Time: 10 Days

     #168 Caravan Guard ~
     =----------------=
          Wanted: caravan guards. We are traveling merchants who sell our 
          goods from town to town. We expect bandits in the pass ahead.
                                 ~ Sirocco, Caravan Leader

          Type: Dispatch
          Info Cost: 600 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #7 Diamond Rain.  
          Reward/s: 4600 Gil, Caravan Musk, 1x Random Item, 2x Random Cards
          Req. Items:    Elda's Cup
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     -
          Dispatch Time: 20 Days

     #169 Lifework ~
     =-----------=
          Needed: potion advice. Making the ultimate love potion is my life
          work. I'll be rich and famous for all time!
                                 ~ Dandarc, Palace Alchemist

          Type: Dispatch
          Info Cost: 600 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #9 Magic Wood. 
          Reward/s: 6000 Gil, Love Potion, 1x Random Item, 2x Random Cards
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     Alchemist
          Dispatch Time: 15 Days

     #170 Cheap Laughs ~
     =---------------=
          Our husband-and-ife comedy routine needs some pizzazz. Flashy 
          magic and headdresses should do the trick. Can you help?
                                 ~ Will and Tita

          Type: Dispatch
          Info Cost: 600 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #8 Hot Awakening. 
          Reward/s: 4600 Gil, Tonberry Lamp, 1x Random Item
          Req. Items:    Bomb Shell
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     -
          Dispatch Time: 5 Days

     #171 T.L.C. ~
     =---------=
          I need someone to heal my wounds so I can get my revenge on
          those stinking lizard bangaas that lured my platoon into a trap!
                                 ~ Gecklan, Platoon Leader

          Type: Dispatch
          Info Cost: 3500 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #17 Desert Patrol. 
          Reward/s: 7600 Gil, Stilpool Scroll, 1x Random Item
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   Magic/Lvl.25
          Req. Jobs:     White Mage
          Dispatch Time: 2 Battles

     #172 Frozen Spring ~
     =----------------=
          Someone's frozen our village's only spring, and it's not thawing.
          Our children are thirsty! Please help us.
                                 ~ Nino, Shepard

          Type: Dispatch
          Info Cost: 400 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #5 Twisted Flow. 
          Reward/s: 3400 Gil, Dragon Bone, 1x Random Item
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     -
          Dispatch Time: 20 Days

     #173 No Scents ~
     =------------=
          Tonight's the night of my big date, and my dress and shoes are 
          perfect, but I can't find my perfume anywhere! Help!
                                 ~ Lucy, Party Girl 

          Type: Dispatch
          Info Cost: 600 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #9 Magic Wood.  
          Reward/s: 5200 Gil, Animal Bone, 1x Random Item, 2x Random Cards
          Req. Items:    Caravan Musk
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     -
          Dispatch Time: 15 Days

     #174 On The Waves ~
     =---------------=
          I found a message in a bottle: a cry for help from a southern
          isle! If only I could send something -- water even!
                                 ~ Luis, Flower Seller

          Type: Dispatch
          Info Cost: 1800 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #22 To Ambervale.    
          Reward/s: 13200 Gil, Skull, 1x Random Item, 2x Random Cards
          Req. Items:    Life Water
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     Time Mage
          Dispatch Time: 5 Enemies

     #175 Spirited Boy ~
     =---------------=
          My son is in the attic, pretending to be a monster that doesn't 
          like homework! Maybe showing him a dictionary would work.
                                 ~ Sihaya, Mother of Three

          Type: Dispatch
          Info Cost: 700 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #6 Antilaws.   
          Reward/s: 6400 Gil, Clock Gear, 1x Random Item, 2x Random Cards
          Req. Items:    Dictionary
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     -
          Dispatch Time: 5 Days

     #176 Powder Worries ~
     =-----------------=
          There's a lot of firearms coming into town lately. Thankfully, we've
          had no injuries... yet. Check into this matter with me.
                                 ~ Senole, Town Watch

          Type: Dispatch
          Info Cost: 1200 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #11 Pale Company. 
          Reward/s: 5400 Gil, Gun Gear, 1x Random Item, 2x Random Cards
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     Gunner
          Dispatch Time: 10 Enemies

     #177 The Blue Bolt ~
     =----------------=
          Our editor used to be so fast we called him "Blue Bolt." But
          he's lost it of late. We need something to jog his memory!
                                 ~ Elu, Cyril Times Reporter

          Type: Dispatch
          Info Cost: 1200 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #18 Quiet Sands.  
          Reward/s: 9000 Gil, Silk Bloom, 1x Random Item, 2x Random Cards
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     -
          Dispatch Time: 15 Enemies

     #178 Sweet Talk ~
     =-------------=
          Needed: speech trainer. I can't speak well. I'm always saying too 
          much, or not enough! Please help!
                                 ~ Luhoche, Little Girl

          Type: Dispatch
          Info Cost: 950 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #13 The Bounty.
          Reward/s: 7000 Gil, Moon Bloom, 1x Random Item, 2x Random Cards
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     -
          Dispatch Time: 10 Enemies

     #179 Scarface ~
     =-----------=
          My face was cut in a duel that I recklessly started. I wish to keep
          the scar as a penance, but how do I keep it from healing?
                                 ~ Tingel, Knight

          Type: Dispatch
          Info Cost: 1000 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #15 Scouring Time. 
          Reward/s: 9000 Gil, Blood Apple, 1x Random Item, 2x Random Cards
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     -
          Dispatch Time: 3 Battles

     #180 Mirage Town ~
     =--------------=
          Adventurer Phis seeks for the sign to the sky mirage city of
          Punevam. Get this: he says it's some kind of mushroom! Ridiculous!
                                 ~ Hoysun, Pub Customer

          Type: Dispatch
          Info Cost: 1600 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #18 Quiet Sands. 
          Reward/s: 11400 Gil, Magic Fruit, 1x Random Item, 2x Random Cards
          Req. Items:    Goldcap
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     -
          Dispatch Time: 10 Days

     #181 Soldier's Wish ~
     =-----------------=
          I'm not long for this world, but I would like to see the town
          clock again before I go... Grandma always loved it.
                                 ~ Barus, Old Soldier

          Type: Dispatch
          Info Cost: 1400 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #16 The Big Find. 
          Reward/s: 10600 Gil, Power Fruit, 1x Random Item, 2x Random Cards
          Req. Items:    Clock Gear/Clock Post
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     -
          Dispatch Time: 1 Battle

     #182 Dry Spell ~
     =------------=
          With all the sun we've been getting, we fear a drought. We need
          people to help open the sluice gates at Mitoralo.
                                 ~ Hinnel, Dam Official

          Type: Dispatch
          Info Cost: 1800 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #18 Quiet Sands. 
          Reward/s: 9600 Gil, Stolen Gil, 1x Random Item, 2x Random Cards
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     -
          Dispatch Time: 20 Days

     #183 Swap Meet ~
     =------------=
          I found stacks of old bills at my house, but I want old medals
          with pictures of the goddess on them! Like to trade?
                                 ~ Gelp, Antiques Collector

          Type: Dispatch
          Info Cost: 1800 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #20 Present Day. 
          Reward/s: 1200 Gil, Ancient Bills, 1x Random Item, 2x Random Cards
          Req. Items:    Ancient Medal
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     -
          Dispatch Time: 5 Days

     #184 Adaman Order ~
     =---------------=
          Has your clan put in its order for adaman alloy? It sells out
          quick, so get your order in soon! How about our shop?
                                 ~ Elbo, Workshop Vargi

          Type: Dispatch
          Info Cost: 2500 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #87 Free Bervenia! 
          Reward/s: 0 Gil, Adaman Alloy, 1x Random Item, 2x Random Cards
          Req. Items:    Adamantite/Adamantite
          Req. Skills:   Smithing/Lvl.35
          Req. Jobs:     -
          Dispatch Time: 15 Days

     #185 Magic Mysidia ~
     =----------------=
          It was recently discovered that mysidia alloy is enchanted with
          ancient magic! Better buy some before the prices go up!
                                 ~ Deunon, Workshop Rol

          Type: Dispatch
          Info Cost: 3000 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #184 Adaman Order. 
          Reward/s: 0 Gil, Mysidia Alloy, 1x Random Item, 2x Random Cards
          Req. Items:    Adamantite/Silvril
          Req. Skills:   Smithing/Lvl.35
          Req. Jobs:     -
          Dispatch Time: 2 Battles

     #186 Conundrum ~
     =------------=
          If you made a shield and a sword from the strongest of all alloys 
          -- crusite -- which would be stronger? Come and let's find out!
                                 ~ Sabak, Workshop Berk

          Type: Dispatch
          Info Cost: 3000 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #24 Royal Valley. 
          Reward/s: 0 Gil, Crusite Alloy, 1x Random Item, 2x Random Cards
          Req. Items:    Zodiac Ore/Zodiac Ore
          Req. Skills:   Smithing/Lvl.35
          Req. Jobs:     -
          Dispatch Time: 10 Enemies

     #187 Lucky Night ~
     =--------------=
          Announcing: Casino Party. Test your luck at our one-night-only
          casino party! All welcome.
                                 ~ Matim, Steward

          Type: Dispatch
          Info Cost: 2000 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #24 Royal Valley. 
          Reward/s: 18000 Gil, Rat Tail, 1x Random Item, 2x Random Cards
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     -
          Dispatch Time: 15 Days

     #188 Tutor Search ~
     =---------------=
          I seek my childhood tutor, Yoel. I have a promise to keep to him. 
          It means very much to me.
                                 ~ Count Anet

          Type: Dispatch
          Info Cost: 1600 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #187 Lucky Night. 
          Reward/s: 11400 Gil, Rusty Sword, 1x Random Item, 2x Random Cards
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     -
          Dispatch Time: 15 Enemies

     #189 Why Am I Wet? ~
     =----------------=
          I don't want to have to move, but it has started raining far too
          much around my house. Please find out why.
                                 ~ Ivan, Gold Sculptor

          Type: Dispatch
          Info Cost: 1800 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #187 Lucky Night. 
          Reward/s: 13600 Gil, Broken Sword, 1x Random Item, 2x Random Cards
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     Red Mage
          Dispatch Time: 15 Enemies

     #190 Run With Us ~
     =--------------=
          We are the Lightning Brothers, bound by blood-oath and iron law!
          Why don't you try joining us and see if you like it?
                                 ~ LBs, Emissaries of Justice

          Type: Dispatch
          Info Cost: 2000 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #189 Why Am I Wet?
          Reward/s: 18000 Gil, Bent Sword, 1x Random Item, 2x Random Cards
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     -
          Dispatch Time: 40 Days

     #191 Lucky Charm ~
     =--------------=
          Someone please find me an item that will lose to no bad luck,
          and a charm or spell to ward off evil spells. I'm fighting!
                                 ~ Milea, Determined Lady

          Type: Dispatch
          Info Cost: 1200 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #189 Why Am I Wet?
          Reward/s: 9000 Gil, Rusty Spear, 1x Random Item, 2x Random Cards
          Req. Items:    Rat Tail
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     -
          Dispatch Time: 40 Days

     #192 Alchemist Boy ~
     =----------------=
          Please stop my brother, Hasmir before someone gets hurt. He thinks 
          he's an alchemist but all he makes is smoke and explosions!
                                 ~ Gretzel, Townsgirl

          Type: Dispatch
          Info Cost: 400 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #191 Lucky Charm.
          Reward/s: 4600 Gil, Insignia, 1x Random Item, 2x Random Cards
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     -
          Dispatch Time: 2 Battles

     #193 Thorny Dreams ~
     =----------------=
          The bangaa girl "Eleono" ssleepss in the Thoussand-Thorn Wood.
          Looking for a clanner to find out why she ssleepss.
                                 ~ Vajiri, Bangaa

          Type: Dispatch
          Info Cost: 2000 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #187 Lucky Night. 
          Reward/s: 16000 Gil, Blood Apple, 1x Random Item
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     -
          Dispatch Time: 20 Days

     #194 Free Cyril! ~
     =--------------=
          The town Cyril has fallen into the hands of Clan Borzoi. We need you
          set a trap to get them out of our town!
                                 ~ Cyril Town Watch

          Type: Capture
          Info Cost: 600 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #68 Fowl Thief, and reading
                      "Thief Exposed!" rumor.  
          Reward/s: 2400 Gil, 2x Random Items 
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     -
          Dispatch Time: 3 Days

     #195 Ship Needed ~
     =--------------=
          I need a ship to take to the barbarian lands. It's just me, so a  
          small craft will do.
                                 ~ Strange Warrior

          Type: Dispatch
          Info Cost: 600 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #73 Borzoi Falling, and 
                      reading  "Borzoi's End" rumor.  
          Reward/s: 4200 Gil, 2x Random Items, 2x Random Cards
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     -
          Dispatch Time: 1 Battle

     #196 Mind Ceffyl ~
     =--------------=
          Bring me the sigils of "fire" and "wind." I shall craft from them
          a mind ceffyl, needed to make a spiritstone.
                                 ~ Melmin, Sage of the West

          Type: Dispatch
          Info Cost: 3800 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #77 Free Baguba! and reading
                      "The Sages" rumor.   
          Reward/s: 0 Gil, Mind Ceffyl
          Req. Items:    Fire Sigil/Wind Sigil
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     -
          Dispatch Time: 3 Battles

     #197 Body Ceffyl ~
     =--------------=
          Bring me the sigils of "earth" and "water." I shall craft from them
          a body ceffyl, needed to make a spiritstone.
                                 ~ Bastra, Sage of the East

          Type: Dispatch
          Info Cost: 3800 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #77 Free Baguba! and reading

                      "The Sages" rumor.   
          Reward/s: 0 Gil, Body Ceffyl
          Req. Items:    Earth Sigil/Water Sigil
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     -
          Dispatch Time: 3 Battles

     #198 The Spiritstone ~
     =------------------=
          Bring the two ceffyls to me, and I shall use my alchemy to craft a 
          spiritstone for you.
                                 ~ Kespas, Sage of the South

          Type: Dispatch
          Info Cost: 3800 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #77 Free Baguba! and reading
                      "The Sages" rumor.
          Reward/s: 0 Gil, Spiritstone
          Req. Items:    Mind Ceffyl/Body Ceffyl
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     -
          Dispatch Time: 4 Battles

     #199 Girl In Love ~
     =---------------=
          I've got a new boyfriend! He's a brave knight, with chestnut hair.
          Could you tell our fortune with the white thread?
                                 ~ Carena, Young Girl

          Type: Dispatch
          Info Cost: 400 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #2 Thesis Hunt. Bardmoon 
                      only. 
          Reward/s: 3400 Gil, Magic Medal, 1x Random Item
          Req. Items:    White Thread
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     White Mage
          Dispatch Time: 2 Battles

     #200 Chocobo Help! ~
     =----------------=
          Need: Help during the Chocobo spawning season.
          - Private room   - Meals
          - No experience required
          - Childcare   - Any race
                                 ~ Sasasha, Chocobo Ranch

          Type: Dispatch
          Info Cost: 200 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #2 Thesis Hunt. Bardmoon 
                      only. 
          Reward/s: 100 Gil, Chocobo Egg, 1x Random Item 
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     -
          Dispatch Time: 5 Days

     #201 The Skypole ~
     =--------------=
          Have you heard of the skypole on the southern peninsula? They it's
          a stairway to the gods! I'd like to see that!
                                 ~ Tay, Streetear

          Type: Dispatch
          Info Cost: 600 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #2 Thesis Hunt.  
          Reward/s: 2400 Gil, Ancient Medal, 1x Random Item 
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     -
          Dispatch Time: 10 Days

     #202 Ruins Survey ~
     =---------------=
          Looking for people to join in a survey of the Istar Ruins to be
          held again this year. See ancient history first hand!
                                 ~ Rekka, Relics Board

          Type: Dispatch
          Info Cost: 1000 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #19 Materite Now!  
          Reward/s: 10800 Gil, Ancient Medal, 1x Random Item, 1x Random Card
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     -
          Dispatch Time: 10 Days

     #203 Dig Dig Dig ~
     =--------------=
          Zezena Mines: Discovery of the Parum Family, scene of mechanist
          innovation! We must dig until we find a new mine shaft! Dig!
                                 ~ Zezena Mines Co.

          Type: Dispatch
          Info Cost: 1600 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #20 Present Day. Madmoon
                      only.  
          Reward/s: 11800 Gil, Zodiac Ore, 1x Random Item, 1x Random Card
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     -
          Dispatch Time: 1 Battle

     #204 Seeking Silver ~
     =-----------------=
          Before the Bell Mines became known for mythril, they were silver
          mines. Help me look for leftover silver near the west wall.
                                 ~ Hoholum, Gayl Stoneworks

          Type: Dispatch
          Info Cost: 400 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #12 Jagd Hunt. 
          Reward/s: 3400 Gil, Silvril, 1x Random Item 
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     -
          Dispatch Time: 15 Days

     #205 Materite ~
     =-----------=
          In the western edge of the Materiwood, materite can be gathered
          with ease if you go at the right time. Go have a look!
                                 ~ Sals, Pub Customer

          Type: Dispatch
          Info Cost: 600 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #6 Antilaws. Kingmoon only. 
          Reward/s: 0 Gil, Materite, 1x Random Item
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     -
          Dispatch Time: 10 Days

     #206 The Wormhole ~
     =---------------=
          A giant worm is causing considerable damage to our fields as it
          looks for leestones in the ground. Someone please stop it!
                                 ~ Anton, Farmers' Guild

          Type: Dispatch
          Info Cost: 600 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #148 You Immortal. Huntmoon
                      only.  
          Reward/s: 2800 Gil, Leestone, 1x Random Item, 2x Random Cards
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     -
          Dispatch Time: 10 Days

     #207 Metal Hunt ~
     =-------------=
          I found a turtle burial ground at a mountain shrine. I keep going
          back in hopes that I might find some adamantite!
                                 ~ Catess, Traveler

          Type: Dispatch
          Info Cost: 400 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #6 Antilaws.  
          Reward/s: 2400 Gil, Adamantite, 1x Random Item, 1x Random Card
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     -
          Dispatch Time: 15 Days

     #208 Math Is Hard ~
     =---------------=
          I've been at this equation for months. Never have I been so stumped
          in my life! Won't someone take a crack at this with me?
                                 ~ Kosyne, Mathematician

          Type: Dispatch
          Info Cost: 600 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #7 Diamond Rain.  
          Reward/s: 4200 Gil, Black Thread, 2x Random Items, 1x Random Card
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     -
          Dispatch Time: 10 Days

     #209 The Witness ~
     =--------------=
          Wanted: bodyguard. I witnessed a crime and now must appear in court.
          Please protect me until the day of the trial.
                                 ~ Bode, Townsperson

          Type: Dispatch
          Info Cost: 600 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #7 Diamond Rain.  
          Reward/s: 4600 Gil, Black Thread, Lost Gun
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     Defender
          Dispatch Time: 5 Enemies


     #210 Life Or Death ~
     =----------------=
          I'll never finish on time. I have to borrow someone's notes. Can you
          find some for me, or I'll never get this homework done!
                                 ~ Felhon, Student

          Type: Dispatch
          Info Cost: 400 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #3 The Cheetahs. 
          Reward/s: 2400 Gil, Black Thread, 1x Random Item
          Req. Items:    Homework
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     -
          Dispatch Time: 1 Battle

     #211 Karlos's Day ~
     =---------------=
          Wanted: performer to entertain at the birthday party of Karlos, the
          second son of the Marquis Ealdoring.
                                 ~ Jung, Streatear

          Type: Dispatch
          Info Cost: 600 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #9 Magic Wood.  
          Reward/s: 4600 Gil, White Thread, 1x Random Item, 2x Random Cards
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     -
          Dispatch Time: 5 Days

     #212 To Father ~
     =------------=
          Could you bring my father to me? I promise I won't speak harshly
          to him. I just want to visit Mother's grave. Thank you.
                                 ~ Ren, Notary Public

          Type: Dispatch
          Info Cost: 1200 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #270 The Performer. 
          Reward/s: 11400 Gil, White Thread, 1x Random Item
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     -
          Dispatch Time: 10 Days

     #213 Oh Milese ~
     =------------=
          Know you Milese of the Kefeus acting troupe? I'm her biggest fan! 
          Won't you give her this song I've written?
                                 ~ Valerio, Composer

          Type: Dispatch
          Info Cost: 400 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #4 Desert Peril. 
          Reward/s: 2800 Gil, White Thread, 1x Random Item
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     -
          Dispatch Time: 15 Days

     #214 Skinning Time ~
     =----------------=
          We're looking for a few good skinners to help skin chocobo. It's 
          not much of a living, but someone's got to do it!
                                 ~ Navarro, Chocobo Ranch

          Type: Dispatch
          Info Cost: 600 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #11 Pale Company.   
          Reward/s: 3600 Gil, Chocobo Skin, 1x Random Card
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     -
          Dispatch Time: 10 Days

     #215 Wild River ~
     =-------------=
          We need workers to help rein in the wild waters of the Pilos River
          in Andarna before it floods again! Please help.
                                 ~ Haagen, Townsperson

          Type: Dispatch
          Info Cost: 1200 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #11 Pale Company.   
          Reward/s: 5400 Gil, Magic Cloth, 1x Random Item, 2x Random Cards 
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     -
          Dispatch Time: 2 Battles

     #216 Magic Cloth ~
     =--------------=
          Hello again! It's me, Gonzales, from the magic cloth shop! I'm
          trading magic cloth for magic cotton -- got any?
                                 ~ Gonzales, Magic Cloth Shop

          Type: Dispatch
          Info Cost: 1000 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #13 The Bounty. Sagemoon
                      only. 
          Reward/s: 0 Gil, Magic Cloth, 1x Random Item, 1x Random Card
          Req. Items:    Magic Cotton
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     -
          Dispatch Time: 10 Days

     #217 Cotton Guard ~
     =---------------=
          It's the season when the typhoons come blowing from the south
          again. I need to find a way to protect my cotton crop!
                                 ~ Kerney, Townsperson

          Type: Dispatch
          Info Cost: 950 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #13 The Bounty.    
          Reward/s: 7000 Gil, Magic Cotton, 1x Random Card
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     -
          Dispatch Time: 1 Battle

     #218 Help Dad ~
     =-----------=
          My son wants me to win him a toy in the shooting game at the next 
          carnival. Won't somebody give me shooting lessons?
                                 ~ Bijard, Theologan

          Type: Dispatch
          Info Cost: 950 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #13 The Bounty.    
          Reward/s: 7800 Gil, Bomb Shell, 1x Random Item, 2x Random Cards
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     -
          Dispatch Time: 10 Days

     #219 Rubber or Real ~
     =-----------------=
          My favorite toy is the champion of justice, but my friend Amigoh
          says it's just a rubber monster. Who's right?
                                 ~ Zels, Young Boy

          Type: Dispatch
          Info Cost: 600 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #10 Emerald Keep.  
          Reward/s: 5200 Gil, Bomb Shell, 1x Random Item, 2x Random Cards 
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     -
          Dispatch Time: 5 Days

     #220 Into The Woods ~
     =-----------------=
          A pack of panthers has appeared in a wood far to the south.
          Somebody clear them out before they hurt someone!
                                 ~ Iguas, Townsperson

          Type: Dispatch
          Info Cost: 600 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #15 Scouring Time. Huntmoon
                      only.   
          Reward/s: 4600 Gil, Panther Hide, 1x Random Item, 2x Random Cards
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     -
          Dispatch Time: 5 Days

     #221 Jerky Days ~
     =-------------=
          Want some delicious jerky? Come help out at my store! We have to
          make 5,000 sticks of jerky this year.
                                 ~ Godon, Butcher

          Type: Dispatch
          Info Cost: 600 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #15 Scouring Time. Kingmoon
                      only. 
          Reward/s: 4200 Gil, Jerky, 1x Random Card
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     -
          Dispatch Time: 5 Days

     #222 New Fields ~
     =-------------=
          Needed: live-in help. We're looking to increase our fields again 
          this year. All welcome! Don't worry, you'll be paid!
                                 ~ Farmer's Guild

          Type: Dispatch
          Info Cost: 600 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #12 Jagd Hunt. Madmoon only.
          Reward/s: 3600 Gil, Gysahl Greens, 1x Random Card
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     -
          Dispatch Time: 10 Days

     #223 Strange Fires ~
     =----------------=
          Strange fires have been breaking out near our powder store. It has
          to be a rival guild. Maybe you could ambush them?
                                 ~ Dabum, Fireworks Guild

          Type: Dispatch
          Info Cost: 1000 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #16 The Big Find. 
          Reward/s: 9600 Gil, Magic Medal, 1x Random Item, 2x Random Cards
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     -
          Dispatch Time: 5 Days

     #224 Better Living ~
     =----------------=
          Wanted: tester. Help test our amazing new form of illumination,
          guaranteed to change the lives of city dwellers!
                                 ~ Better Living Labs

          Type: Dispatch
          Info Cost: 1300 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #16 The Big Find. 
          Reward/s: 10000 Gil, Chocobo Egg, 1x Random Item, 2x Random Cards
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     -
          Dispatch Time: 10 Days

     #225 Malboro Hunt ~
     =---------------=
          A lost malboro child from a nest in the pond has wandered into town!
          Please return it to its parents before someone gets hurt.
                                 ~ Jonnie, Ice Cream Man

          Type: Dispatch
          Info Cost: 600 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #12 Jagd Hunt. Madmoon only.
          Reward/s: 4200 Gil, Cyril Ice, 1x Random Item, 1x Random Card
          Req. Items:    Chocobo Egg
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     -
          Dispatch Time: 15 Days

     #226 Chocobo Work ~
     =---------------=
          Wanted: register clerk & part-time floor scrubber at The
          Chocobo's Kweh.
                                 ~ Rolana, The Chocobo's Kweh

          Type: Dispatch
          Info Cost: 600 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #18 Quiet Sands. Bardmoon
                      only. 
          Reward/s: 4600 Gil, Choco Bread, 1x Random Item, 1x Random Card
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     -
          Dispatch Time: 10 Days
  
     #227 Party Night ~
     =--------------=
          They're holding a welcome party at the furniture store, and they
          want me to perform some tricks! Somebody teach me!
                                 ~ Xiao, Furniture Seller

          Type: Dispatch
          Info Cost: 1000 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #18 Quiet Sands. 
          Reward/s: 9600 Gil, Choco Gratin, 1x Random Item, 2x Random Card
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     -
          Dispatch Time: 15 Days
 
     #228 Mama's Taste ~
     =---------------=
          Being away from home for 10 years, I've started to really miss my
          mama's gratin. Won't someone make me some kupo gratin?
                                 ~ Takatoka, Machinist

          Type: Dispatch
          Info Cost: 1000 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #15 Scouring Time.   
          Reward/s: 9000 Gil, Choco Gratin, 1x Random Item, 2x Random Cards
          Req. Items:    Chocobo Egg/Gysahl Greens
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     -
          Dispatch Time: 15 Days

     #229 The Well Maze ~
     =----------------=
          I ran into a cave while I was digging a well, and there's
          something inside! Maybe you could lure it out with some bread?
                                 ~ Meuk, Well Digger

          Type: Dispatch
          Info Cost: 1200 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #19 Materite Now!
          Reward/s: 9600 Gil, Grownup Bread, 1x Random Item, 2x Random Cards
          Req. Items:    Choco Bread
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     -
          Dispatch Time: 15 Days

     #230 She's Gone ~
     =-------------=
          For years I gave her my all and now she's left and taken my savings 
          with her. I going for a drink, want to come along?
                                 ~ Omar, Townsperson

          Type: Dispatch
          Info Cost: 1000 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #234 Bread Woes. 
          Reward/s: 10600 Gil, Malboro Wine, 1x Random Item, 2x Random Cards
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     -
          Dispatch Time: 5 Days

     #231 Magic Vellum ~
     =---------------=
          Come make magic sheepskin vellum with me! I'll show you the pen
          is mightier than the sword. Bring some magic cotton with you!
                                 ~ Chikk, Paper Maker

          Type: Dispatch
          Info Cost: 600 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #17 Desert Patrol. 
          Reward/s: 4600 Gil, Magic Vellum, 1x Random Item, 2x Random Cards
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     -
          Dispatch Time: 1 Battle

     #232 Novel Ascent ~
     =---------------=
          I want to write novels about mountain climbing, but I'm not very
          good at it. I need a rope that won't ever break!
                                 ~ Torfo, Apprentice Novelist

          Type: Dispatch
          Info Cost: 1400 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #20 Present Day. 
          Reward/s: 11400 Gil, Runba's Tale, 1x Random Item, 2x Random Cards
          Req. Items:    Stasis Rope
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     -
          Dispatch Time: 10 Enemies

     #233 Shiver ~
     =---------=
          Someone please drive off the wailing spirit that haunts the pass
          near town. Hearing it sucks the strength right out of me!
                                 ~ Gillom, Townsperson

          Type: Dispatch
          Info Cost: 1400 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #20 Present Day. 
          Reward/s: 11800 Gil, Runba's Tale, 1x Random Item, 2x Random Cards
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     -
          Dispatch Time: 20 Days

     #234 Bread Woes ~
     =-------------=
          I've been trying to make a bread that kids will love, but it's tough 
          going. What I need now is a good bread to sooth MY taste buds.
                                 ~ Noluado, Baker

          Type: Dispatch
          Info Cost: 1200 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #18 Quiet Sands. 
          Reward/s: 10800 Gil, Kiddy Bread, 1x Random Item, 2x Random Cards
          Req. Items:    Choco Bread
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     -
          Dispatch Time: 20 Days

     #235 Book Mess ~
     =------------=
          Needed: able clan members to help clean my room. All you have to
          do is put a few thousand books back on their shelves!
                                 ~ Mimin, Scholar

          Type: Dispatch
          Info Cost: 1600 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #20 Present Day! Sagemoon
                      only. 
          Reward/s: 12400 Gil, Encyclopedia, 1x Random Card
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     -
          Dispatch Time: 10 Days

     #236 One More Tail ~
     =----------------=
          My lucky rabbit tail found me a wonderful husband! But now we're
          married, I think I need a little more luck. Got a tail for me?
                                 ~ Bibilina, Lucky Lady

          Type: Dispatch
          Info Cost: 1000 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #20 Present Day! Madmoon
                      only. 
          Reward/s: 10800 Gil, Rabbit Tail, 1x Random Item, 1x Random Card
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     -
          Dispatch Time: 10 Days

     #237 Relax Time! ~
     =--------------=
          Come enjoy the Danbukwood and get back to nature! Buy some wood
          and bring it home for that woodsy feeling all year long!
                                 ~ Yeesa Tourism Board

          Type: Dispatch
          Info Cost: 400 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #22 To Ambervale. Huntmoon
                      only. 
          Reward/s: 4600 Gil, Danbukwood, 1x Random Item
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     -
          Dispatch Time: 15 Days

     #238 Foma Jungle ~
     =--------------=
          I've got tons of orders for moonwood chairs! Get me some moonwood 
          from the deep Foma Jungle, if you would. No pun intended.
                                 ~ Gueguerre, Wood Craftsman

          Type: Dispatch
          Info Cost: 600 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #22 To Ambervale. Huntmoon
                      only. 
          Reward/s: 4600 Gil, Moonwood, 1x Random Item
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     -
          Dispatch Time: 15 Days

     #239 For A Flower ~
     =---------------=
          I need a telaq flower, a strange blossom that blooms only a few
          times a year deep within a cave -- a cave with monsters.
                                 ~ Shelm, Alchemist

          Type: Dispatch
          Info Cost: 600 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #22 To Ambervale. 
          Reward/s: 6000 Gil, Telaq Flower, 1x Random Item
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     -
          Dispatch Time: 2 Battles

     #240 Giza Plains ~
     =--------------=
          A bug infestation has hit Giza Plains, and it will reach the town
          if we don't take action! Someone help drive those critters away!
                                 ~ Noris, Townsperson

          Type: Capture
          Info Cost: 600 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #194 Free Cyril. 
          Reward/s: 2400 Gil, 1x Random Item 
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     -
          Dispatch Time: 3 Enemies

     #241 Lutia Pass ~
     =-------------=
          I opened a shop in Lutia Pass, but not a single customer has come 
          yet! I think I need to advertise. Could you pass out flyers?
                                 ~ Bintz, Tool Shop

          Type: Capture
          Info Cost: 400 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #4 Desert Peril. 
          Reward/s: 2400 Gil, 1x Random Item 
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     -
          Dispatch Time: 3 Enemies

     #242 The Nubswood ~
     =---------------=
          Rock turtles have been attacking travelers in the Nubswood. Use this
          "shellout" to get rid of them, please.
                                 ~ Hoelik, Townsperson

          Type: Dispatch
          Info Cost: 600 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #6 Antilaws.  
          Reward/s: 2400 Gil, 1x Random Item, 1x Random Card
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     -
          Dispatch Time: 3 Enemies

     #243 Eluut Sands ~
     =--------------=
          I'm trying to reforest the Eluut Sands in an attempt to tame the 
          beasts that live there. Bring me a desert plant for study.
                                 ~ Karenne, Herbologist

          Type: Capture
          Info Cost: 400 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #7 Diamond Rain. 
          Reward/s: 2400 Gil, 1x Random Item, 1x Random Card
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     -
          Dispatch Time: 3 Enemies

     #244 Ulei River ~
     =-------------=
          Somebody get the word out: there's fine fish to be had in the upper
          waters of the Ulei River!
                                 ~ Holt, Angler

          Type: Capture
          Info Cost: 600 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #8 Hot Awakening. 
          Reward/s: 2400 Gil, 1x Random Item, 1x Random Card
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     -
          Dispatch Time: 3 Enemies

     #245 Aisenfield ~
     =-------------=
          Somebody spread the word that those rumors of bandits in Aisenfield
          are a bunch of lies. It's bad for business!
                                 ~ Chocobo Shop, Aisen Branch

          Type: Capture
          Info Cost: 400 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #9 Magic Wood. 
          Reward/s: 2400 Gil, 1x Random Item, 1x Random Card
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     -
          Dispatch Time: 3 Enemies

     #246 Roda Volcano ~
     =---------------=
          Roda Volcano's been active lately. Someone needs to go to the road 
          at the base of the cone and clean off the chunks of lava.
                                 ~ Naricys, Geologist 

          Type: Capture
          Info Cost: 400 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #10 Emerald Keep. 
          Reward/s: 2400 Gil, 1x Random Item, 1x Random Card
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     -
          Dispatch Time: 3 Enemies

     #247 Travel Aid ~
     =-------------=
          Please light the waypoints in the Koringwood. They are vital
          landmarks for helping travelers find their way. Thank you.
                                 ~ Zeshika, Woodland Guide

          Type: Capture
          Info Cost: 600 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #11 Pale Company. 
          Reward/s: 2400 Gil, 1x Random Item, 1x Random Card
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     -
          Dispatch Time: 5 Enemies

     #248 The Salikawood ~
     =-----------------=
          I plan on cutting a path through the Salikawood. I'll do some 
          reforesting, too! I can't pay much, but I really need help.
                                 ~ Laycher, Innkeeper

          Type: Capture
          Info Cost: 600 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #12 Jagd Hunt. 
          Reward/s: 2400 Gil, 1x Random Item, 1x Random Card
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     -
          Dispatch Time: 5 Enemies

     #249 Nargai Cave ~
     =--------------=
          Monsters can't stand the smell of the flower that grows deep in
          Nargai Cave. Great for ensuring a safe voyage! Help me get one.
                                 ~ Buck, Bontanist

          Type: Capture
          Info Cost: 600 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #13 The Bounty.
          Reward/s: 2400 Gil, 1x Random Item, 1x Random Card
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     -
          Dispatch Time: 5 Enemies

     #250 Kudik Peaks ~
     =--------------=
          A rock slide has blocked off the road to the Kudik Peaks. Looking
          for people to help clear it off.
                                 ~ Jagark, Mountain Patrol

          Type: Capture
          Info Cost: 400 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #14 Golden Clock. 
          Reward/s: 2400 Gil, 1x Random Item, 1x Random Card
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     -
          Dispatch Time: 5 Enemies

     #251 Jeraw Sands ~
     =--------------=
          One of the ruins in Jeraw Sands is supposed to be the entrance to
          an underground cave! Please investigate.
                                 ~ Gadfly, Ivalice Tours

          Type: Capture
          Info Cost: 400 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #15 Scouring Time.  
          Reward/s: 2400 Gil, 1x Random Item, 1x Random Card
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     -
          Dispatch Time: 5 Enemies

     #252 Uladon Bog ~
     =-------------=
          Won't someone help me build a bridge over Uladon Bog? It would 
          really speed up travel.
                                 ~ Iluluna, Young Girl

          Type: Capture
          Info Cost: 600 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #15 Scouring Time. 
          Reward/s: 2400 Gil, 1x Random Item, 1x Random Card
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     -
          Dispatch Time: 7 Enemies

     #253 Gotor Sands ~
     =--------------=
          Find the oasis said to lay hidden in Gotor Sands. If we could draw
          water from there, it would be a great boon to travelers.
                                 ~ Gabela, Traveling Merchant

          Type: Capture
          Info Cost: 400 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #16 The Big Find. 
          Reward/s: 2400 Gil, 1x Random Item, 1x Random Card
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     -
          Dispatch Time: 7 Enemies

     #254 Delia Dunes ~ 
     =--------------=
          Please find out where the dragonflies of Delia Dunes live. Their
          wings are a vital ingredient for making medicine. 
                                 ~ Carulea, Alchemist

          Type: Capture
          Info Cost: 400 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #17 Desert Patrol. 
          Reward/s: 2400 Gil, 1x Random Item, 1x Random Card
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     -
          Dispatch Time: 7 Enemies
 
     #255 Bugbusters ~
     =-------------=
          Bladebugs, the natural enemy of all monsters, are said to gather
          on the river that flows deep in the Materiwood. Find them!
                                 ~ Winetz, Entomologist

          Type: Capture
          Info Cost: 400 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #18 Quiet Sands. 
          Reward/s: 2400 Gil, 1x Random Item, 1x Random Card
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     -
          Dispatch Time: 7 Enemies

     #256 Tubola Cave ~
     =--------------=
          They say that the crystals are making monsters go crazy... I wonder 
          about silvril? Get some from Tubola Cave for me!
                                 ~ Phol, Researcher

          Type: Capture
          Info Cost: 400 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #20 Present Day.  
          Reward/s: 2400 Gil, 1x Random Item, 1x Random Card
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     -
          Dispatch Time: 7 Enemies

     #257 Deti Plains ~
     =--------------=
          They say armor fashioned from a wyrmgod scale will withstand any
          attack! Find a scale in the ruins on the Deti Plains for me.
                                 ~ Takukulu, Armorer

          Type: Capture
          Info Cost: 400 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #22 To Ambervale. 
          Reward/s: 2400 Gil, 1x Random Item, 1x Random Card
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     -
          Dispatch Time: 10 Enemies

     #258 Siena Gorge ~
     =--------------=
          I want you to confirm the old rumor that there is poison on the
          winds that blow through Siena Gorge. I'll pay you!
                                 ~ Cal, Lover of Gossip

          Type: Capture
          Info Cost: 400 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #22 To Ambervale. 
          Reward/s: 2400 Gil, 1x Random Item, 1x Random Card
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     -
          Dispatch Time: 10 Enemies

     #259 Jagd Alhi ~
     =------------=
          I'm thinking of building a gladitorial arena in Jagd Ahli. A
          lawless sport for a lawless zone! Help me find a good spot.
                                 ~ Pakanon, Architect

          Type: Capture
          Info Cost: 400 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #65 Exploration. 
          Reward/s: 2400 Gil, 1x Random Item, 1x Random Card
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     -
          Dispatch Time: 15 Enemies

     #260 Jagd Helje ~
     =-------------=
          I dropped something very important to me in a ruin in Jagd Helje. 
          Please find it!
                                 ~ Ekal, Astrologer

          Type: Capture
          Info Cost: 400 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #64 Den Of Evil. 
          Reward/s: 2400 Gil, 1x Random Item, 1x Random Card
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     -
          Dispatch Time: 15 Enemies

     #261 Jagd Dorsa ~
     =-------------=
          Please kill the jagdsaurus that plagues Jagd Dorsa. He'll come
          out if you go in there alone, I guarantee it.
                                 ~ Handog, Townsperson

          Type: Capture
          Info Cost: 400 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #24 Royal Valley. 
          Reward/s: 2400 Gil, 1x Random Item, 1x Random Card
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     -
          Dispatch Time: 15 Enemies

     #262 Ambervale ~
     =------------=
          The nest of the chomper beetles from Ozmonfield was found in
          Ambervale! Please use this "bugoff" to drive them away!
                                 ~ Dalaben, Ranch Manager

          Type: Capture
          Info Cost: 400 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #263 Ozmonfield. 
          Reward/s: 2400 Gil, 1x Random Item, 1x Random Card
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     -
          Dispatch Time: 7 Enemies

     #263 Ozmonfield ~ 
     =-------------=
          The chomper beetles found in Ozmonfield are eating my chocobo
          feed. Please use this "bug-B-gone" to drive them away!
                                 ~ Dalaben, Ranch Manager

          Type: Capture
          Info Cost: 400 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #24 Royal Valley. 
          Reward/s: 2400 Gil, 1x Random Item, 1x Random Card
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     -
          Dispatch Time: 7 Enemies

     #264 Swords in Cyril ~
     =------------------=
          Announcing the biggest even of the year: the Cyril Swordsmanship 
          Competition! Test your strength and skill!
                                 ~ Cyril Event Committee

          Type: Dispatch
          Info Cost: 300 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #2 Thesis Hunt.  
          Reward/s: 1800 Gil, Secret Item (Victor Sword), 1x Random Item 
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     Fencer
          Dispatch Time: 1 Battle

     #265 Newbie Hall ~
     =--------------= 
          Need: part-time teachers. Help apprentices in a wide variety of jobs 
          learn the tricks of your trade!
                                 ~ Oks, Newbie Hall Chief

          Type: Dispatch
          Info Cost: 400 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #3 The Cheetahs.  
          Reward/s: 2400 Gil, Onion Sword, 1x Random Item 
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   Combat/Lvl.5
          Req. Jobs:     -
          Dispatch Time: 10 Days

     #266 Voodoo Doll ~
     =--------------=
          I saw the matron casting a spell on that nasty doll! That must be 
          the cause of my lady's illness, it must be. Please, help my lady!
                                 ~ Eselle, Maidservant

          Type: Dispatch
          Info Cost: 400 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #5 Twisted Flow.
          Reward/s: 3400 Gil, Soulsaber, 1x Random Item
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     -
          Dispatch Time: 5 Days

     #267 Come On Out ~
     =--------------=
          My son is so overweight he can hardly move. Someone get him out
          of his room! I don't care how you do it.
                                 ~ Joyce, Warehouse Monitor

          Type: Dispatch
          Info Cost: 1000 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #6 Antilaws. 
          Reward/s: 5400 Gil, Oblige, 1x Random Item, 2x Random Cards
          Req. Items:    Jerky
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     -
          Dispatch Time: 10 Days

     #268 Food For Truth ~
     =-----------------=
          My friend was arrested unfairly! While we look for the real 
          criminal, I'd like to send him some good food. Do you know of any?
                                 ~ Theo, Fruitseller

          Type: Dispatch
          Info Cost: 800 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #7 Diamond Rain. 
          Reward/s: 6400 Gil, Rhomphaia, 1x Random Item, 2x Random Cards
          Req. Items:    Choco Gratin
          Req. Skills:   Appraise/Lvl.18
          Req. Jobs:     -
          Dispatch Time: 20 Days

     #269 Alba Cave ~
     =------------=
          A turtle monster guards a fabulous treasure at an ancient shrine
          in Alba Cave. Distract him with some food and it's yours!
                                 ~ Mumusen, Pub Customer

          Type: Dispatch
          Info Cost: 600 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #8 Hot Awakening. 
          Reward/s: 6000 Gil, Secret Item (Beastsword), 1x Random Item, 2x
                    Random Cards
          Req. Items:    Jerky
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     Blue Mage
          Dispatch Time: 4 Battles

     #270 The Performer ~
     =----------------=
          I've performed in many lands, but I've never had a hit. Maybe it's
          just bad luck? Got anything to make fortune smile on me?
                                 ~ Mamek, Traveling Performer
  
          Type: Dispatch
          Info Cost: 1100 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #9 Magic Wood. 
          Reward/s: 9600 Gil, Tonberrian, 1x Random Item, 2x Random Cards
          Req. Items:    Rabbit Tail
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     -
          Dispatch Time: 15 Days

     #271 One More Time ~
     =----------------=
          That guy in the corner's a fabulous tenor. We want him for our 
          chorus group, but he refuses to join. Won't you convince him?
                                 ~ Arthin, Chorus Lead

          Type: Dispatch
          Info Cost: 1200 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #11 Pale Company.
          Reward/s: 6400 Gil, Aerial Hole, 1x Random Item, 2x Random Cards
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     -
          Dispatch Time: 15 Days

     #272 Spring Tree ~
     =--------------=
          A tree grows on the duke's land, and every spring a woman comes and
          looks at its roots. Could you check if something's there?
                                 ~ Eukanne, Ducal Maid

          Type: Dispatch
          Info Cost: 1000 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #12 Jagd Hunt. Cadoan Pub
                      only. 
          Reward/s: 7000 Gil, Charfire, 1x Random Item, 2x Random Cards
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     -
          Dispatch Time: 2 Battles

     #273 Who Am I? ~
     =------------=
          I woke in this town with no memory or items but this staff. Please
          trade me a magic medal for it--I must repay the inkeep.
                                 ~ Weathervane Inn, Room 3

          Type: Dispatch
          Info Cost: 300 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #131 Adaman Alloy. 
          Reward/s: 600 Gil, Power Staff, 1x Random Item, 2x Random Cards
          Req. Items:    Magic Medal/Magic Medal
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     -
          Dispatch Time: 15 Days

     #274 Reaper Rumors ~
     =----------------=
          My buddy says that on full moon nights, the reaper comes down from
          the moon to a manse on the hill and someone dies! Is it true?
                                 ~ Nud, Future Streetear

          Type: Dispatch
          Info Cost: 1200 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #15 Scouring Time. 
          Reward/s: 8800 Gil, Crescent Bow, 1x Random Item, 2x Random Cards
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     -
          Dispatch Time: 10 Days

     #275 Dog Days ~
     =-----------=
          My father is a postman, but he fell off his dogsled and hurt 
          himself bad. I have to help him! Teach me how to ride a dogsled!
                                 ~ Rikk, Postman's Son

          Type: Dispatch
          Info Cost: 1200 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #16 The Big Find.  
          Reward/s: 8800 Gil, Marduk Bow, 1x Random Item, 2x Random Cards
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     -
          Dispatch Time: 10 Days

     #276 Good Bread ~
     =-------------=
          There's a bowyer outside town that makes the best bows in the
          land, but he only makes them if you bring him good bread!
                                 ~ Arco, Pub Customer

          Type: Dispatch
          Info Cost: 1000 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #18 Quiet Sands. 
          Reward/s: 0 Gil, Arbalest, 1x Random Item, 2x Random Cards
          Req. Items:    Kiddy Bread/Grownup Bread
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     -
          Dispatch Time: 5 Days

     #277 Sword Needed ~
     =---------------=
          There's a sword fighting competition coming up, and one of our
          team can't make it. Looking for a good swordsman to replace her!
                                 ~ Lotus, Swordsman

          Type: Dispatch
          Info Cost: 1200 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #18 Quiet Sands.  
          Reward/s: 9000 Gil, Bangaa Spike, 1x Random Item, 2x Random Cards
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     -
          Dispatch Time: 2 Battles

     #278 El Ritmo ~
     =-----------=
          Those Nightwailers are out there singing every night. Noisy bunch, 
          but bring 'em the materials, and they'll make you an instrument.

          Type: Dispatch
          Info Cost: 1200 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #18 Quiet Sands.  
          Reward/s: 12400 Gil, Secret Item (Fell Castanets), 1x Random Item,
                    2x Random Cards
          Req. Items:    Danbukwood/Moonwood
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     -
          Dispatch Time: 10 Enemies

     #279 Her Big Move ~
     =---------------=
          The best dancer in town has gone off to the city to be a star...
          I'd like to make a toast to her success. Got a drink?
                                 ~ Deuxhart, Townsperson

          Type: Dispatch
          Info Cost: 1200 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #19 Materite Now!
          Reward/s: 9600 Gil, Magic Hands, 1x Random Item, 2x Random Cards
          Req. Items:    Malboro Wine
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     -
          Dispatch Time: 7 Days

     #280 Don't Look! ~
     =--------------=
          They say that on full-moon nights something scary happens if you
          look at the mirror in one of the dorm rooms! Is it true? Help!
                                 ~ Eluiotte, Frightened Girl

          Type: Dispatch
          Info Cost: 1400 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #19 Materite Now!
          Reward/s: 10800 Gil, Reverie Shield, 1x Random Item, 2x Random Cards
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     -
          Dispatch Time: 10 Enemies

     #281 Janitor Duty ~
     =---------------=
          What a great parade that was! Which reminds me, they're looking
          for people to help clean up all the trash. You interested?
                                 ~ Grek, Pub Customer

          Type: Dispatch
          Info Cost: 1600 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #20 Present Day. 
          Reward/s: 11400 Gil, Parade Helm, 1x Random Item, 2x Random Cards
          Req. Items:    -
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     -
          Dispatch Time: 20 Days

     #282 Unlucky Star ~
     =---------------=
          I live a cursed life, but now I'm getting married, and nothing can 
          go wrong! I need some kind of charm to ward off evil spirits!
                                 ~ Domure, Unlucky Man

          Type: Dispatch
          Info Cost: 1600 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #20 Present Day. 
          Reward/s: 13200 Gil, Magic Robe, 1x Random Item, 2x Random Cards
          Req. Items:    Blood Shawl
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     -
          Dispatch Time: 3 Enemies

     #283 Corral Care ~
     =--------------=
          The rainbow-furred corral is the fastest animal in the world,
          and one's loose on Duke Casell's land. Someone please feed it!
                                 ~ Falco, Animal Lover

          Type: Dispatch

          Info Cost: 1400 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #22 To Ambervale.  
          Reward/s: 12600 Gil, Fire Mitts, 1x Random Item, 2x Random Cards
          Req. Items:    Choco Gratin
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     -
          Dispatch Time: 10 Days

     #284 Beastly Gun ~
     =--------------= 
          Want a gun as strong and fast as a wild beast? Just bring me two
          little items I need, and it's all yours, free.
                                 ~ Strives, Musketeer

          Type: Dispatch
          Info Cost: 1400 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #24 Royal Valley. 
          Reward/s: 0 Gil, Calling Gun, 1x Random Item, 2x Random Cards
          Req. Items:    Insignia/Ally Finder2
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     -
          Dispatch Time: 10 Days

     #285 Blade & Turtle ~
     =-----------------=
          You can make amazingly strong swords with just a little adaman
          alloy. Too bad it's so hard to come by...
                                 ~ Gilgame, Young Blacksmith

          Type: Dispatch
          Info Cost: 1400 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #19 Materite Now!
          Reward/s: 10600 Gil, Secret Item (Adaman Blade), 1x Random Item, 2x
                    Random Cards
          Req. Items:    Adaman Alloy/Broken Sword
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     -
          Dispatch Time: 2 Battles

     #286 Valuable Fake ~
     =----------------=
          I finally got the famed sword "ragnarok," but it's a fake! Just
          bring me the right materials and I can make one of these, easy!
                                 ~ Hoek, Swordsmith

          Type: Dispatch
          Info Cost: 1200 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #122 Run For Fun.  
          Reward/s: 9000 Gil, Secret Item (Nagrarok), 1x Random Item, 2x
                    Random Cards
          Req. Items:    Bent Sword/Rainbowite
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     -
          Dispatch Time: 10 Days

     #287 Weaver's War ~
     =---------------=
          I lost my family to those godless scoundrels in the Gelzak Church. 
          Help me make a good sword so that I might avenge them!
                                 ~ Weaver, Knight

          Type: Dispatch
          Info Cost: 1200 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #11 Pale Company. 
          Reward/s: 10600 Gil, Zankplus, 1x Random Item, 2x Random Cards
          Req. Items:    Crusite Alloy/Blood Apple
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     -
          Dispatch Time: 5 Enemies

     #288 Fabled Sword ~
     =---------------=
          I found the designs for making the same sword used by a legendary 
          swordsman! But, the ingredients are hard to find. Please help.
                                 ~ Belitz, Archaeologist

          Type: Dispatch
          Info Cost: 1500 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #232 Novel Ascent. 
          Reward/s: 12600 Gil, Secret Item (Master Sword), 1x Random Item
          Req. Items:    Thunderstone/Stormstone
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     Soldier
          Dispatch Time: 3 Battles

     #289 Refurbishing ~
     =---------------=
          Due to the recent drop in weapon availability, we at Teldot Workshop
          are now offering refurbishing. Make old blades new!
                                 ~ Workshop Teldot

          Type: Dispatch
          Info Cost: 4000 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #213 Oh Milese.  
          Reward/s: 0 Gil, Lurebreaker, 1x Random Item 
          Req. Items:    Broken Sword
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     -
          Dispatch Time: 20 Days

     #290 Stone Secret ~
     =---------------=
          I've found a way to make the usually brittle leestone hard as
          steel! Bring me leestone and I'll make you a weapon.
                                 ~ Ukes, Traveling Smith

          Type: Dispatch
          Info Cost: 4000 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #22 To Ambervale. 
          Reward/s: 0 Gil, Secret Item (Tabarise), 1x Random Item, 2x Random 
                    Cards
          Req. Items:    Rusty Sword/Leestone
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     -
          Dispatch Time: 3 Battles

     #291 Sword Stuff ~
     =--------------=
          I hope to use the smithing knowledge I gained abroad to make swords 
          with the materials available here. Know any good materials?
                                 ~ Da'jerma, Swordsmith

          Type: Dispatch
          Info Cost: 4500 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #94 Sorry Friend.  
          Reward/s: 0 Gil, Secret Item (Silkmoon), 1x Random Item, 2x Random 
                    Cards
          Req. Items:    Silk Bloom/Moon Bloom
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     -
          Dispatch Time: 4 Battles

     #292 A Stormy Night ~
     =-----------------=
          Once, long ago, a bolt of godsfire hit a shrine to the esper
          Odin. When the smoke cleared, they found a spear -- the Odinlance.

          Type: Dispatch
          Info Cost: 1400 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #22 To Ambervale. 
          Reward/s: 12600 Gil, Odin Lance, 1x Random Item, 2x Random Cards
          Req. Items:    Rusty Spear/Mysidia Alloy
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     -
          Dispatch Time: 4 Battles

     #293 Minstrel Song ~
     =----------------=
          I met a bard in the woods who said he'd sold his soul to some
          fiend. If you want a dark instrument, he's the one to ask.
                                 ~ Rayches, Pub Customer

          Type: Dispatch
          Info Cost: 5500 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #19 Materite Now! 
          Reward/s: 0 Gil, Secret Item (Dark Fiddle), 1x Random Item, 2x 
                    Random Cards
          Req. Items:    Stradivari/Black Thread
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     -
          Dispatch Time: 3 Battles

     #294 Gun Crazy ~
     =------------=
          I heard that Thousand-Barrel, that gun maker that lives up in
          Gilba Pass, invented a new gun! Got to be powerful, that.
                                 ~ Tetero, Pub Customer

          Type: Dispatch
          Info Cost: 4000 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #20 Present Day. 
          Reward/s: 0 Gil, Bindsnipe, 1x Random Item, 2x Random Cards
          Req. Items:    Crusite Alloy/Gun Gear
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     -
          Dispatch Time: 3 Battles

     #295 Black Hat ~
     =------------=
          To all black mages: in order to raise the status of our clan
          brothers, we will give you a black hat. Wear it well!
                                 ~ Black Mage Society

          Type: Dispatch
          Info Cost: 2000 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #20 Present Day. 
          Reward/s: 0 Gil, Black Hat, 1x Random Item, 2x Random Cards
          Req. Items:    Black Thread/Magic Cloth
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     Black Mage
          Dispatch Time: 3 Battles

     #296 Hat For A Girl ~
     =-----------------=
          hat girl that's always standing on the pier must be chilly. I'd
          like to give her a hat, but which one? She's a white mage.

          Type: Dispatch
          Info Cost: 1200 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #20 Present Day. 
          Reward/s: 10800 Gil, White Hat, 1x Random Item, 2x Random Cards
          Req. Items:    White Thread/Magic Cloth
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     -
          Dispatch Time: 30 Days

     #297 Armor & Turtle ~
     =-----------------=
          I could make some wicked strong armor if I had some adaman alloy.
          Just... it's so hard to get, you know?
                                 ~ Gilgame, Young Blacksmith

          Type: Dispatch
          Info Cost: 1000 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #16 The Big Find. 
          Reward/s: 9000 Gil, Adaman Armor, 1x Random Item, 2x Random Cards
          Req. Items:    Adaman Alloy/Rat Tail
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     -
          Dispatch Time: 2 Battles

     #298 Dark Armor ~
     =-------------=
          If you can bring me some materite, I believe I can make an 
          outstanding suit of armor. I'll give you the suit. How about it?
                                 ~ Pepeiro, Alchemist

          Type: Dispatch
          Info Cost: 2700 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #16 The Big Find.  
          Reward/s: 0 Gil, Materia Armor, 1x Random Item, 2x Random Cards
          Req. Items:    Materite/Materite
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     -
          Dispatch Time: 10 Enemies
 
     #299 Fashion World ~
     =----------------=
          I hear Brint Mea, the popular brand, is looking for new designs. 
          Probably trying to win customers back from Galmia Pepe!
                                 ~ Mit, Pub Customer

          Type: Dispatch
          Info Cost: 600 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #150 An Education.   
          Reward/s: 4600 Gil, Secret Item (Brint Set), 1x Random Item, 2x 
                    Random Cards 
          Req. Items:    Chocobo Skin/Magic Cotton
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     -
          Dispatch Time: 10 Days

     #300 Fashion Hoopla ~
     =-----------------=
          Both Galmia Pepe and Brint Mea are looking for new designs! The
          fate of the fashion world hangs on the balance on this one!
                                 ~ Phale, Fashion Expert

          Type: Dispatch
          Info Cost: 1000 Gil
          Location: N/A
          Appears at: After completion of Mission #299 Fashion World. 
          Reward/s: 11800 Gil, Galmia Set, 1x Random Item, 2x Random Cards
          Req. Items:    Chocobo Skin/Magic Cotton
          Req. Skills:   -
          Req. Jobs:     -
          Dispatch Time: 5 Days
